Celery is an ingredient of Bakso.
Cleveland is in the United States.
The location of the BBC is the Broadcasting House in London.
The runway name of Aarhus is magistrate.
The SEAT Ibiza is related to the Volkswagen Polo Mk3.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español.
The Polish language is used in Poland.
The Insular Sea is west of the community of Madrid.
The English language is spoken in California.
The lemon belongs to the genus Solanum.
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in Dnipropetrovsk.
Abner plays for the Coritiba national football team.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
Alan Frew was born in 1956.
Al Asad Airbase is in the Qatar States.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3.
1 FC Köln played in the 2014-15 season.
The largest city in Hays County Texas is located in the United States.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in the United States.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Andalusia.
Aaron Hunt was born in Goslar.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0.
Pork is an ingredient of Batchoy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the country of Belgaum.
Al Khor Sports Club plays in the Qatar Stars League.
English is spoken in the U.S.
The English language is spoken in Denmark.
Bakewell pudding is an artist for the band A metropolitan and Business and Business Media.
The American submarine NR-1 was founded by Eagle.
AWH Engineering College is located in India.
Aleksander Barkov Jr's draft team is the Florida Panthers.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Alison O'Donnell genre is folk rock.
The largest city in Alpharetta County Georgia is known as the Prime State Assembly.
The Antioquia Department is located in Dnipropetrovsk.
Buffalo Placid New York is part of the United States.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Serbia.
The largest city in Turkey County Texas.
A.C. Chievo Verona played the 2014-15 season in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst.
The saint of Milan is Ambrose.
Bhajji comes from the country India.
AmeriGas is the company of the Houston A1.
The English language is spoken in Texas.
The largest city in Texas is in the United States.
Ajoblanco milk is an ingredient of Ajoblanco.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914.
Alan Frew was born in 1956.
Aleksander Barkov Daggett was born in 1995.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States.
The saint of Milan is Ambrose.
The construction of Adare Manor is George Pugin.
The leader of Finland is called Juan Afara.
Dick Dillin is a dish from the United States.
Saranac Lake New York is located in the United States.
The character Vfl Wolfsburg play in is Bundesliga.
300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009.
The English language is spoken in California.
Batagor and Siomay are variation of the same dish.
A.S. Roma's competed in the 2014 season.
Newark is a city in Texas.
The 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha Wisconsin.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the country of Belgaum.
Akron Summit is the leader of Akron Ohio.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 2003.0.
English is a language spoken in Texas.
There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
The American submarine NR-1 was founded by Eagle.
Rome is in the United States.
The United States covers a total area of 9833516.63 (square kilometres).
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States.
Airey Neave was awarded the Order of the British Empire.
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
Airey Neave was associated with the Parliament of the British Empire.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan.
Alexandria Indiana is part of the United States.
The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Santilli.
The coach of the St. Louis is Arthur Blank.
Adisham Halls Architectural style`is and Jacabian.
The singer Andra's originates from Katowice.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart.
The ALV X-1 was launched once.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy.
Anderson Indiana is in the United States.
The Yuzhnoye Sea is a Sphinx-class cruise ship.
The full name of ACF Fiorentia is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known by he name Ahri'ahn.
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the city of Madrid.
Alessio Romagnoli's club is the Italy national under 19 football team.
The capital of Illinois is Atlanta.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3.
The manager of SV Werder Bremen is Viktor Skrypnyk.
The total area of Austin (Texas) is 258.2 square kilometres.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Straight four engine.
The leader of Milan is Ambrose.
Abel Hernandez's club is US Citta Citta
The Audi A1 is part of the Audi Civil Quarterly.
The English language is spoken in Mexico.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece.
Hip hop music is the country of Madrid.
The English language is spoken in Poland.
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
The owner of the headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan.
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Infantry Monument is located at the Seminary State Capitol.
Dallas is the county seat of Williamson County Texas.
The Polish language is used in Poland.
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment.
107 Camilla was discovered by M Gaffey.
Auburn is in Pierce County Washington.
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music.
The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt.
The English language is spoken in Singapore.
James Craig Watson died in peritonitis.
The birth place of Adam Koc was Suwalki.
Aarhus Airport is 94 metres above sea level.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine.
The capital of Illinois is Dublin.
The book A Long Long Way was published by Qiu Press.
The headquarters of the Polish Academy is in the United States.
Agnes Kant worked as a Parliamentary group leader.
The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0-439-17685-9.
Rome is the Birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
1001 Gaussia's epoch date is 2015-06-27.
Alfred Moore Scales took part of the Siege of Petersburg.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Yamandú Palacios.
The Asilomar RS-3 has a diesel-electric automatic transmission.
Akeem Dent was born in 1989.
The A-Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine.
The leader of Birmingham is Elizabeth II.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Hardcover.
The location of the leaders of India is called T. S. Thakur.
Abilene is a city in Texas.
Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from.
William Anders was a Fighter pilot.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins.
The headquarters of the community of India is Istanbul.
The novel Into Battle followed Above the Veil .
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
The president of the United States is the President of the United States.
The first speed of the Delta submarine GT is in London.
Akron Summit Assault is the leader of Akron Ohio.
The operating speed of 1099 Figneria is 16.37 km per sec.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in Dnipropetrovsk.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members.
The operating organization for Agra Airport is called T. Airlines.
The origin of the Delta II is the United States.
Akita Akita is the country of the country of Japan.
Albert Jennings Fountain worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Sweet potato is an ingredient of Binignit.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse is Ruth Ribicoff.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Washington is in the United States.
The Ganges is a river in Andalusia.
Abraham A. Ribicoff's place of the United States.
The leader of the United States is the leader of Singapore.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is in the city of Belgaum.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Goslar.
Allan Shivers was born in Texas.
Elliot See was born in the United States.
Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Stanyan Records.
Atlantic City International Airport is 94 metres above sea level.
Al Anderson from the NRBQ band was born in Windsor York.
The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
The American Institute of the United Kingdom is from the United States.
The largest city in Turkey is Dublin.
The total area of St (Texas) is 75.324 square kilometres.
Auburn Alabama is in the United States.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known by he name Ahri'ahn.
Ab Klink worked as a Member of the House of the Netherlands.
The United States House is located in the United States.
Ab Klink worked as a Member of the House of the Netherlands.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Qiu Press.
The leader of Birmingham is Elizabeth II.
The leader of France is Manuel Valls.
Chicago is the largest city in Williamson County Texas.
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964.
The United States House of the United States is the leader of the United States.
The leader of Milan is Ambrose.
Alan Bean was a test pilot.
The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Illinois is in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Infantry Monument is located at the Seminary Space League.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the Dodge Coronet.
A.C. Chievo Verona played the 2014-15 season in the Serie A league.
The manager of SV Werder Bremen is Viktor Skrypnyk.
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 139705000.0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology.
The United States House is located in the United States.
Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium is the ground of FC Samtredia.
São José dos Pinhais is part Of Paraná (state).
The Faroese language is spoken in Denmark.
One of the American Academy of Saskatchewan governs Regina Saskatchewan.
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0.0473 kilometres per second.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 2003.0.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson.
Lake Placid New York is part of the United States.
James Craig Watson died in the United States.
The leader of Blackpool is Istanbul.
The owner of the company P O play in is Bundesliga.
Gruppo Bertone is the manager of the Houston Texans.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca.
Antonis Spalletti was in the Nigerian Navy.
The English language is spoken in Poland.
Asherton Texas is part of the United States.
Pork is an ingredient of Batchoy.
Aaron Boogaard's draft team is Minnesota Wild.
Athens Hall is located in Illinois.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched in January 25th 1969.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is Al-Zawra'a SC.
The Legislative Assembly dictates the legislature of the American Wild.
Airey Neave was awarded the Order of the British Empire.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The United States covers a total area of 9833516.63 (square kilometres).
Akron Summit Assault chairman is Dave Laughlin.
Michele Marcolini plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
The Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark.
A.S. Roma's competed in the 2014 season.
The headquarters of the community of India is Istanbul.
The area code for Atlanta Arbor Michigan is 734.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Ukraine.
Aaron Hunt played for the Goslarer national football team.
Austin is part of Travis County in Texas.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Infantry Monument is located at the Seminary Space League.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart.
The American Plaza's was launched by Eagle.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the city of Madrid.
Alex Day was born in Canada.
200 Public Avenue is located at the Public Square Cleveland.
Aaron S Daggett took part in the Battle of Cold Harbor.
(29075) 1950 DA was discovered by Spacewatch.
There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row.
A.F.C Blackpool play in the English Football League system.
Atlantic City New Jersey is in the United States.
The owner of the headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan.
Peter Stöger plays for the club Al-Zawra'a SC.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's was born in Russia.
The capital of Georgia is Istanbul.
Auburn Alabama is the largest city in Auburn Washington.
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Perón was president.
Allan Shivers was Lieutenant Governor of Texas.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days.
The 1955 Dodge is a convertible.
Aaron S Daggett took part in the Battle of Cold Harbor.
Amarillo is the largest city in Texas.
The musician Andrew White is a non-vocal instrumentalist.
The Antares rocket final voyage was on January 9 2014.
Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion.
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0.
Chicago is part of the United States.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
Anaheim California is part of the California State Legislature.
Alexandria Indiana is 265m above sea level.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914.
Texas is in the United States.
The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 09L/27R.
Acoustic music is Alex Day’s genre.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico in Texas.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
William Anders was a member of the United States.
New Jersey is in the United States.
Alpharetta is part of the U.S. state Georgia.
The leader of the United States. is the leader of Singapore.
The construction of 108 St LaSalle is located in Germany.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Goslar.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Springer Science and Business Media.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake New York.
Newark is a city in Texas.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge.
Baked Alaska was born in Texas.
The Arabian Sea is west of the leaders of Madrid.
Hypermarcas is in the pharmaceuticals industry.
The Aston Martin V8 body style is the Aston Martin
Michele Marcolini plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
The Legislative Assembly was launched by the Yuzhnoye Award.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996.
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Russia national football team.
The location of the St. St. University is in Warsaw.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operating organization is Schiphol Group.
Adam Koc was born in Congress in Poland.
The AidAluna christening date is 2009-04-04.
200 Public Square cost 110 million dollars.
The leader of Buenos Aires is Diego Santilli.
Alan Frew was born in 1956.
Andrews County Airport is part of the United States.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 2003.0.
The largest city in Turkey is Dublin.
Abel Caballero worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción.
The Aston Martin V8 body style is the Coupé.
Farrar Straus and Giroux publish A Severed Wasp.
The AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester.
The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0-439-17685-9.
The headquarters of the California II is in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Infantry Monument is located at the Seminary Space League.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964.
Julia Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown San Francisco.
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music.
