Jens Hartel plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group from Japan.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Ohio.
T S Thakur is a leader in India.
Allen Forrest was born in the year 1981.
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
AZAL PFK competed in the season 2014.
The Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Allen Forrest became active in 2005.
Arthur Blank owns the Atlanta Falcons.
The runway name of Afonso Pena International Airport is 15/33.
Alan B. Miller Hall's building start date was in 30th March 2007.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio.
Andrew Rayel plays a string instrument.
Agnes Kant was a Member of the House of Representatives.
GMA New Media’s subsidiary is Digify, Inc.
Hip hop music has its origins in Disco.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE.
A.T. Charlie Johnson lives in the U.S.
The ALV X-1 rocket had a total of one launch.
The largest city in Benton County Oregon is Corvallis.
200 Public square is in Cleveland.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001.
Tirstrup is in Denmark.
Aaron Bertram was born April 3, 1981.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield.
Barrow A.F.C. team won the championship before in the National League North.
Al Anderson (from NRBQ band) was born in Windsor, Connecticut, United States.
Atlanta has the area codes 404, 678, and 470.
The Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is in service.
A cookie is a dessert.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is KABI.
Anderson is located within Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana.
William Anders retired on September 1st, 1969.
Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Barrow AFC are previous champions of the National League North.
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit.
Afonso Pena International Airport has an elevation above the sea level (in feet) of 2988.
Abel Caballero is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Asherton is part of Dimmit County, Texas.
The comic character, Balder, was created by Stan Lee.
The orbital period of 103 Hera is 1622.213 days.
Grantville Gazette II was preceded by The Grantville Gazette.
The 1634: The Ram Rebellion is a paperback.
Alan Shepard's birth place was New Hampshire.
Ab Klink's Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion.
The former team of Akeem Ayers was New England Patriots.
The Antioquia Department is found in Colombia.
AmeriGas was founded on 1959-01-01.
Asherton is situated in Texas, United States.
Anderson is the largest city of Madison County, Indiana.
Gerd Von Rundstedt was the commmander in the Battle of France.
Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Republican Party in the U.S.A.
The language of Illinois is the English language.
Buzz Aldrin is retired.
The novel Annie Dunne is followed by A Long Long Way.
Aaron S. Daggett's place of death was Massachusetts.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci.
The league that A.S. Livorno Calcio play in is Serie B.
Universal Music group is the parent company of Philips Records.
Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana is in the country United States.
Trane produces HVAC.
Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B.
Alpena, Michigan is located in the United States.
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F.C.
The Philippines were founded on 12/06/1898.
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States.
Agnes Kant's alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen.
Arem-arem have banana leaf in it.
The city of Antioch is located within California.
Alison O'Donnell has been signed to the Stanyan Records label.
DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928.
Elliot See was born on 07/23/1927.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis comes in hardcover.
Christian Panucci has been manager of A S Livorno Calcio.
The ALV X-1 rocket had 1 failed launch.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Brazil.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
An alternative name for the AMC Matador is the Rambler Matador.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum air base is 4019.0.
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands.
Schiphol Group operates the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Accrington Stanley F.C.'s ground is Accrington.
The people of Texas are called Texans.
Alan Tudyk stars in the film, Big Hero 6.
Aaron Turner sings for a living.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's ground is in Metapan, El Salvador.
The East African Campaign was part of World War II.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's musical genre is Candombe.
The name of the leader of Brazil is Michel Temer.
The leader of the United States is Barack Obama.
The foundation place of the American Locomotive Company is Schenectady, New York.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Bajik.
The novel 1634 The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long.
Jwaydan Moyine is associated with the musical artist John Digweed.
Chiang Kai-shek was a commander in World War II.
The birth place of Julia Morgan is California.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days.
Aaron Turner is a performer of the musical genre Post metal.
Thomas Doll is the manager for Ferencvárosi TC.
Washington is a state is United States.
The builder of the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, is in Helsinki.
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient in a Bakewell tart.
Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio.
Adnan Hamad is the manager of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C.
Alan Martin, the footballer, plays for the club, Ayr United F.C.
The currency in Finland is the Euro.
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the band NRBQ.
A loyal Character Dancer is 360 pages long.
Nikolai Chernykh discovered 11264 Claudiomaccone.
The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 12/30.
The AMC Matador is equipped with an AMC V8 engine.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Kirk Joseph.
A Long Long Way is preceded by Annie Dunne.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala state.
John van den Brom plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
French is the spoken language in Belgium.
Cleveland is in the U.S.A.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long.
Greenlandic is one of the languages of Denmark.
Brazil's leader has the title of President of the Supreme Federal Court.
The wheelbase of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is 2160 millimetres.
The temperature of 10 Hygiea is 164.0 kelvins.
Al-Khor Sports Club's position is in the Qatar Stars League.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the company that built the American submarine NR-1.
GMA Network is a company based in Diliman.
The elevation above the sea level (in metres) of Agra Airport is 167.94.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo.
Andra is a singer and her music genre is Dance-pop.
11264 Claudiomaccone was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
Guadalajara is located in Mexico.
AmeriGas was founded on 01-01-1959.
The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon.
The birth place of Augustus Pugin is Bloomsbury.
Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addid Ababa.
Doug Moench won the Inkpot Award.
The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge.
Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level.
Shabab Al-Ordon Club is in the Jordan Premier League.
A lemon is included in the order of Sapindales.
Walter Baade was born in Preussisch Oldendorf.
Pantaleon Alvarez is a Filipino leader.
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio.
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
The singer called Andra became active in the year 2000.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Alex Plante was born on 1989-05-09.
Alan Bean's birthplace is Wheeler, Texas.
Audi A1 has a 1.2 litre engine.
The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800.0.
HIV is classed as a Retrovirus.
The university of Gottingen was where Walter Baade studied.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
The British Hong Kong representative is Chris Patten.
Akeem Priestley's birth place is Jamaica.
''08/26'' is the runway name at Al Asad Airbase.
Alan Frew performs alternative rock music.
The first runway of Angola International Airport is 13123 feet long.
Gruppo Bertone was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe.
The singer Andra was born in Campia Turzii.
The LCCN number of AIDS (journal) is 90640840.
St Louis Rams is the former team of Akeem Ayers.
101 Helena has a periapsis of 331683000.0 Kilometers.
Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig.
A commander at the Polish-Soviet War was Joseph Stalin.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's headquarter is New York.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay.
Population density in Auburn, Alabama is 368.65 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alison O'Donnell can play the autoharp.
Bionico can be found in Guadalajara.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31.
The United States Whig Party is led by Daniel Webster.
Austin Texas is led by a Mayor.
"Drake Stevens" is known as the comic character Airman.
Alvah Sabin successor was Homer Elihu Royce.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a Luxury class vehicle.
The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order.
William Anders spent 8820.0 minutes in space.
The capital of Belgium is Brussels.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand.
The runway length at Andrews County airport is 1773.0.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
The manager of SV Werder Bremen is Viktor Skrypnyk.
Wizards at War was published by Harcourt (publishers).
Adonis Georgiadis held the office "Vice-President of New Democracy".
The runway at Angola International Airport is named 05L/23R.
The population density, of Attica (Indiana), is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for the Russia national football B team.
Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Werder Bremen.
AmeriGas has an operating income of $380,700,000.
Abel Caballero's alma mater is the University of Santiago de Compostela.
A.D. Isidro Metapán's ground is in Metapán.
The Minotaur V was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Second Battle of Rappahannock Station.
Spanish is the official language in Argentina.
Alex Tyus had been drafted in 2011.
Abel Hernández was born in Pando, Uruguay.
Alan Bean retired on June 1981.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Akron, Ohio is located in the U.S.
(66391) 1999 KW4 was discovered by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the American Civil War.
Al Anderson, from the band NRBQ, was born in the United States.
The Battle of the Wilderness was fought during the American Civil War.
Agustin Barboza's background is that of solo singer.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault.
The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar.
Andra is a singer with Pop music as her genre.
Buzz Aldrin has retired.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria.
The final flight of the Atlas II was on 2002-12-05.
AC Lumezzane has 4150 members.
Austin is part of Williamson County, in Texas.
AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark.
The 1st runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made of Asphalt.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase.
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
Alex Tyus plays for the club, Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
Alan Shepard's time in space amounted to 13017.0 minutes.
The alma Mater of Alfred Moore Scales is the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Alessandro Dal Canto is the coach of the Italian national under-17 football team.
Ahmet Ertegun was born 1923.
Amarillo is the county seat for Potter County, Texas.
The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine.
Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County, Texas.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona.
Bolt is created by Ernie Colon.
Wilson Township, in Alpena County, Michigan is in the U.S.A.
Andra is a singer and Reality tv judge.
Montreal Canadiens won the most championships in the National Hockey League.
William Anders retired 1969-09-01.
The ISBN number of the book A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
The average speed of 101 Helena is 18.44 km per sec.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire.
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight.
Peter Stoger plays for FK Austria Wien.
Batagor and Siomay are variation of the same dish.
The temperature of 103 Hera is 170.0 (kelvins).
Aaron S. Daggett died in West Roxbury.
The alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh.
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics.
Post-metal music uses the cello.
The leader of Romania is known as the Prime Minister.
Virginia is in the United States.
Aleksander Barkov Jr's draft team is the Florida Panthers.
Robert E. Lee was a commander at the Battle of Cold Harbor.
John Buscema won the Alley Award.
The book A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture.
The full name of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from Argentina.
Arianespace is located in the city of Courcouronnes.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy.
Barny Cakes were introduced in 1999.
The code for Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG.
In South Africa there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans.
Manila is a capital city.
Dublin is the largest city in Ireland.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes.
Adonis Georgiadis worked at the Ministry of Health in Greece.
The Banjo instrument is closely associated with country music.
Alexandria, Indiana, is part of Madison County.
The film, Big hero 6, stars Scott Adsit.
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia was discovered by Alphonse Borrelly.
The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian.
Binignit is a type of dessert.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Essex County, New York.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
Abarth was founded in Italy.
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico.
The birth place of Alan Frew is Coatbridge.
Richard A. Teague designed the AMC Matador.
Hypermarcas is in the pharmaceuticals industry.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin, in Trinidad and Tobago.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Some parts of California speak Chinese.
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC.
The alma mater of Ab Klink is Leiden University.
The National Park Service has responsibility for the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972.
AZ Alkmaar's full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
The runway at Angola International Airport is called "05L/23R".
The Ariane 5 rocket made its maiden flight on June 4th 1996.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County in Michigan.
Alfons Gorbach's successor was Josef Klaus.
Chicharrón is found in the Andalusia region.
Alessio Romagnoli's was one of the team's Defenders.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport.
The AMC Matador has a Coupé style body.
Acharya Institute of Technology can be found in India.
Politician Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Indian people are from India.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
The Rover Co. succeeded the Alvis Car and Engineering Co.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Trane has a revenue of $10,264,000,000.
Alberto Teisaire's successor was Isaac Rojas.
Sergio Marchionne was the key person of the Dodge.
Ann Arbor in Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558-2868.
Asherton, Texas is in the country of the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996.
Aaron Deer is a musician for the band John Wilkes Booze.
Kidney beans are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Taquirari.
AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn.
Dane Whitman from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's current club is FC Amkar Perm.
The ALCO RS-3 has a diesel-electric transmission.
Ace Wilder is a songwriter.
09R/27L is the runway name at Al Asad airbase.
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment.
J.V. Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice.
One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace Of Westminster.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres.
Gene Colan won the Eisner Award.
Michele Marcolini plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
Aaron Deer plays the guitar.
The comic character, Bolt, was created by comic book writer Gary Cohn.
New York City is in the United States.
Prince Edward Island is the birth place of Adam McQuaid.
Alessio Romagnoli has represented the club U.C. Sampdoria.
Chinese is a language of Hong Kong.
Bhajji is a snack that is similar to Pakora.
The profession of Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral.
Buzz Aldrin's real name was Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr.
Austin is in Hays County, Texas.
The successor to Mike Akhigbe was Atiku Abubakar.
The AMC Matador has a station wagon style body.
Kinsealy is a part of Swords, Dublin.
Atlanta is the birth place of Akeem Dent.
Dublin is Ireland's largest city.
The length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 6,573 feet.
The journal Addiction has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
The net income of Trane is $556,300,000.
Alfred Garth Jones died in around 1944.
The ISSN number of AIDS journal is 1473-5571.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is run by the operation organisation the Schiphol Group.
Alan Frew was born in Scotland.
Afonso Pena International Airport is elevated 2988 feet above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport is 911.0 metres above sea level.
Alan Bean was selected by Nasa in 1963.
The runway at Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800 meters long.
The Desoto Custom's successor is the DeSoto Firedome.
The Delta II was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
AC Lumezzane played in the 2014 season.
The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson.
Alan Shepard retired on Aug 1, 1974.
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War.
Funk is a derivative of Jazz.
The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level.
The leader of Argentina is Mauricio Macri.
The AgM-88 HARM is produced by Alliant Techsystems.
Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong.
Apollo 11 was operated by NASA.
Adenan Satem was in office while Abdul Taib Mahmud was Vice President.
The function of the Antares rocket was a medium expendable launch system.
Albany, Oregon has a water area of 0,54 square kilometres.
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War.
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
Reidsville, North Carolina was the birthplace of Alfred Moore Scales.
Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York.
Karnataka neighbors Telangana to its northeast.
Celery is from the genus apium.
The Arabian Sea is west of Karnataka.
AEK Athens FC had the manager Gus Poyet.
GMA New Media makes mobile applications.
Robert E. Lee was a commander at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 sq km.
Neptun Werft is located in Germany.
The AIDAluna has a top speed is 40.744.
Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama.
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square.
Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turkey.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones was written by Brandon Sanderson.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B.
Allan Shivers was Governor of Texas.
Spaniards are from Spain.
The main ingredients in Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Ireland is located within Europe.
The leader of Atlanta is the Atlanta City Council.
1099 Figneria was formerly known as "1928 RQ".
The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma.
Maria Lourdes Sereno is the leader of the Philippines.
There are 29000 people employed by Trane.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has area codes 505 and 575.
The hub airport for Turkmenistan airlines is Ashgabat International airport.
The band Kaiser Chiefs included the member Andrew White (musician).
Parkersburg, West Virginia is in the country, the United States.
Aaron Turner is closely associated with the genre sludge metal.
Manila is the capital city of the Philippines.
Chicago is in the United States.
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia.
The Riverside Art Museum is one of Julia Morgan's significant buildings.
São José dos Pinhais is part of the south region of Brazil.
American Motors Co was succeeded by Eagle.
Weymouth Sands' author was John Cowper Powys.
A Loyal Character Dancer can be found in hardcover.
Alan Shepard died on the 21st of July, 1998.
Tirstrup is located in the country of Denmark.
William M O Dawson was a member of the United States Republican Party.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3,500.
New York City is where the Association for Computing machinery headquarters is located.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3300.0.
Tacoma, Washington, is the largest city in Pierce County.
The ISSN number for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421.
The AIDAstella is still in service to this date.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae.
The area of water, in Anaheim (California), is 25.2 square kilometres.
United States House of Representatives is part of United States Congress.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800.0 metres.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
The total area of Brazil is 8514837.14 (square kilometres).
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister.
The People's Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain.
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States, Army.
Alfred Garth Jones comes from the U.K.
Walter baade graduated from University of Gottingen.
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan.
Buzz Aldrin was born with the name Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.
The parent company of Costa Crociere is Carnival Corporation & plc.
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community.
One of the ethnic groups in the United States, is Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars ISBN number is "978-0-15-204770-2".
The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000.0.
The currency of Spain is Euro.
The birth place of Tim Brooke-Taylor is Derbyshire.
The location of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is Habbaniyah.
Philippine Entertainment Portal is a subsidiary of GMA New Media.
Akeem Dent is a linebacker.
Alan Shepard was a crew member aboard Apollo 14.
Alison O'Donnell's record label is Deram Records.
Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot.
Tor Books publishes A Fortress of Grey Ice.
The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun is rhythm and blues.
Akron, Ohio is a part of Summit County, Ohio.
Boston is the birthplace of James Pallotta.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral.
Batagor is a dish variation of Siomay.
AIDAluna is in service.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34.
Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Barack Obama is the president of the US.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK.
The launch site of the Delta II was the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
Akeem Dent's position is linebacker.
Alex Day started performing in 2006.
Akeem Adams played for W Connection F.C.
Michel Temer is the leader of Brazil.
Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S.
John van den Brom plays for Istanbulspor A.S.
The construction of Adisham Hall was completed in 1931.
The birth place of Aaron S. Daggett is Greene, Maine.
The Universal Music Group is the parent company of Philips Records.
The musical genre of Christian Burns is house music.
66063 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius.
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick.
Ben Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie.
The Philippines were founded on 1898-06-12.
The largest city in United States is New York City.
Buzz Aldrin is also called Edwin E. Aldrin Jr.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team.
The leader of the Whig Party in the U.S.A. is Henry Clay.
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000.
Greater London Authority is the governing body of London.
Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors.
Aleksandra Kovač is a performer of pop music.
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures.
Batchoy is a type of soup.
New Douglas Park is the ground for Hamilton Academical F.C.
The area code of Anderson, Indiana, is 765.
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States.
The area code in Atlantic City (New Jersey) is 609.
Kashubians are an ethnic group in Poland.
William M. O. Dawson is a member of the United States Republican party.
Alex Plante was born on 09/05/1989.
The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA.
Aaron Hunt was born in West Germany.
A.F.C. Fylde are based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
An ingredient of Ajoblanco is garlic.
Adisham Hall was begun to be built in 1927.
Above the Veil has an ISBN number 0-439-17685-9.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 2/20.
Alternative rock originated from new wave music.
200 Public Square is located at Public Square, Cleveland.
The currency of Spain is the Euro.
Akeem Dent's first team were the Atlanta Falcons.
They started to build Alan B Miller Hall on 30 March, 2007.
Robert E. Lee was a commander at the Battle of Salem Church.
The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering.
The density of (410777) 2009 FD, is 1890.0 kilogram Per Cubic Metres.
James Craig Watson has his origins in Canada.
The AIDAluna was built by Meyer Werft.
The American Locomotive Company is located in the United States.
1928 PC was the former name of 1097 Vicia.
The Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level.
The 3Arena is located at "North Wall Quay".
(29075) 1950 DA has a mass of 4.0 kilograms.
The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq.
Italians are the people who live in Italy.
There is a total area of 1.7 square kilometres of water in Auburn, Alabama.
The Royal Artillery has a garrison in Hohne.
William Anders was from the United STates.
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Gregory L. Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Austin.
John Cowper Powys is the author of Weymouth Sands.
Dallas is in Collin County, Texas.
The total area of Brazil is 8514837.14 square kilometres.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3453.0.
Alfred Moore Scales's successor was the politician, James W. Reid.
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15, 1932.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Georgia, in the Soviet Socialist Republic.
William Anders is a US national.
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji.
Potter County, Texas is in the US.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
The population density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan governs Regina, Saskatchewan.
Aleksander Barkov Jr's weight is 96.1632 kgs.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy.
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County, New Mexico.
An alternative name for Aurakles is Aurakles.
The 1955 Dodge has an AMC V8 engine.
Duncan Rouleau created Baymax.
The alternative name for the comic character, the Arrow, is Ralph Payne.
Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club.
The number of post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology is about 700.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is in the state of Ohio.
Alan Shepard was a member of the crew of Apollo 14.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is situated in Alagoas.
The successor of Allan Shivers was Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Punjab is in Pakistan.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States.
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 900.0.
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka.
Montevideo is in the country of Uruguay.
Julia Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
The English language is spoken in Great Britain.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands.
Alan Shepard was hired by NASA in 1959.
One of the products of BBC is BBC radio.
The Labour Party (UK) is the leader of Manchester.
Albert B White died in 1941.
Trane has 29,000 employees.
Alan Martin's football club is Motherwell FC.
Abradab was born in Katowice.
The AIDAstella service began on March 17th 2013.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna.
Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the ISSN number 1558-2868.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
Mols is the area to the northeast of Aarhus.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE.
A wizard of Mars is 560 pages long.
The ISSN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 1588-2632.
10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0.21 kilometres per second.
The "1 Decembrie 1918 University" is in the city Alba Iulia.
Agra Airport IATA Location Identifier is AGR.
Almond is part of the order of Rosids.
Japanese Occupation of British Borneo is the birth place of Adenan Satem.
Roy Thomas was awarded the Alley Award.
Josef Klaus succeeded Alfons Gorbach.
The orbital period for 1101 Clematis is 183309000.0.
Donal O'Ceallaigh discovered (15788) 1993 SB.
HIV is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family.
Aaron Deer comes from Indiana.
Buzz Aldrin's birth date was 1930 01 20.
Akita, Akita is part of Akita Prefecture.
William Anders was born 1933-10-17.
Adonis Georgiadis works at office as "Vice-President of New Democracy".
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932.
100305.0 minutes is the time Alan Bean spent in Space.
The comic character, Blockbuster, has the alternative name, Mark Desmond.
Rolando Maran is a member of the Calcio Catania.
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland.
The leader of the Albuquerque City Council is Richard J. Berry.
Aaron S Daggett has fought in battles, the most notable being the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ireland is a country in Europe.
The United States House of Representatives is located within the United States.
Allen Forrest's genre is Hip Hop music.
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8kg.
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 4100.0.
Aaron Turner's musical genre is Sludge metal.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is 1.55 metres in width.
The AMC Matador was assembled by Australian Motor Industries.
The Lancia Thema is related to the Saab 9000.
Anderson Indiana has an elevation of 268.0 above sea level.
Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln, Nebraska.
The number of postgraduate students in Acharya Institute of Technology is ~700.
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States.
The area of water in Albany, Oregon, is 0.54 (square kilometres).
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0.
Aaron Hunt's is in the youth club SV Werder Bremen.
Alabama is in the United States.
The runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 04/22 'Oostbaan.
Albuquerque, in New Mexico, has a population density of 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The average runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989.0 m.
The leader of Birmingham are the Liberal Democrats.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms.
There are about 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
French is a language spoken in New York.
Celery is of the Apium genus.
(66063) 1998 RO1 was discovered by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research.
Airey Neave's unit was the Royal Artillery.
French is a language in New York.
Abel Hernandez's club is US Citta di Palermo.
Leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20,1930.
Michele Marcolini club is A.C. Chievo Verona.
Alexander L. Wolf is a leader of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
Albennie Jones year of birth was 1914.
Alexandria in Indiana occupies 6.81 square kilometers.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow.
Washington state is located within the United States.
Batchoy is a dish served as a soup course.
The country of Akron, Ohio, is United States.
The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley.
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary.
The Appleton International Airport's runway length is 1982.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez.
FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15 season.
The Icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov's ship beam is 21.2.
Aaron Deer's instrument is the piano.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain.
A.C. Lumezzane play in Lega Pro/A.
The book "A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press.
The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero.
Ashgabat International Airport's 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
The rotation period for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 11473.9.
Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom.
The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13,123 feet.
Albert Jennings Fountain died 1896-02-01.
Orange County in California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area.
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 2989.0.
Saint Anne is the capital of Alderney.
2368.05 days is the orbital period of 107 Camilla.
Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04m.
Aaron Turner performs doom metal music.
Alison O'Donnell is signed with the record label Deram Records.
The area code of Alexandria, Indiana is 765.
Alison O'Donnell performed for the band United Bible Studies.
The alternative name for the AMC Matador is VAM Classic.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica CODEN code is "AMAHE9".
Aaron Turner's genre is post-metal.
Ardmore Airport in New Zeland is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato.
3992.88 is the length of the runway at Al Asad Airbase.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with musician Ciro Pérez.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman.
The language of Belgium is French.
George Winkler is from the United States.
Allen Forrest has various alternative names such as Matchstik, Match, Allan, Forrester, Alan, Foster, Forest Matchstick, Matchstix, Allen Forrest.
Los Angeles Rams play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Sauli Niinistö is a leader in Finland.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax.
A long long way is published by Viking press.
Trane has a net income of $556,300,000.
The body style of the Aston Martin V8 is a coupe.
Oyster sauce is contained in Beef kway teow.
Albert E. Austin succeeded Alfred N. Phillips.
The American submarine NR-1 has a 3.8m ship beam.
Anderson, Indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level.
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport.
Ahmet Ertegun music genre are Rhythm and Blues.
Madeleine L'Engle was influenced by George MacDonald.
The death place of Ahmet Ertegun is New York City.
Broadcasting House is the home of the BBC which is based in London.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) derives from Argentina.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914.
The Aston Martin V8 is a Coupe.
Jerry Ordway is American.
Albert B. White finished his career on March 4th 1905.
Poaceae is the order of Commelinids.
Paracuellos de Jarama is located in Spain.
The novel "Into Battle" followed "Above the Veil".
1097 Vicia was formerly known as "1928 PC".
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in the Ukraine.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat.
The creator of Bolt (comics character) is Gary Cohn.
Alan Bean was a test pilot.
Aaron Turner's origin is the United States.
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax NV.
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928.
FC Torpedo Moscow played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League.
Chinabank has 5594 workers.
The Acura TLX was assembled in Marysville, Ohio.
Andrews County Airport is 4th runway length feet of 25.
The Vandenberg Air Force Base is in Lompoc, CA.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is Al-Zawra'a SC.
The United States Army battled in the American Civil War.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut.
The HIV virus is part of the family of orthoretrovirinae.
The Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin.
Ahmet Erteguns genre is The Blues.
The Aston Martin DBS is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Redefine Properties Limited owns 11 Diagonal Street.
Al-Wakrah sport club plays in the Qatar Stars League.
One of John Cowper Powys notable works is Owen Glendower.
The ground of A.S. Roma is in Rome, Italy.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso.
Stanford University is A.T. Charlie Johnson's almaMater.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States.
The leader of India is T.S. Thakur.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres in length.
The comic character Auron's full name is Lambien.
The leader of the Association for Computing Machinery is Alexander L. Wolf.
ASB is the IATA location identifier for Ashgabat International airport.
ENAIRE is located in Madrid.
Ícolo e Bengo is located in Angola.
The United States Army took part in battles in the Korean War.
(410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000.0.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members.
Adam Koc has won the Virtuti Militari award.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II.
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5.
The largest city in Benton County, Oregon, is Corvallis, Oregon.
The Administrative Science Quarterly comes under the academic discipline of Management.
Above the Veil is written in English.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell.
AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league.
Condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches.
Aleksandre Guruli played for US Boulogne.
Adonis Georgiadis alma Mater was the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force.
William Anders is from the United States.
Olive oil is one ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Mexico.
A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture.
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957.
Duncan Rouleau is American.
The leader of the Philippines is Maria Lourdes Sereno.
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under 16 football team.
Trane produces building materials.
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres.
The Vandenberg Air Force Base is located in Lompoc, California.
The ship Alhambra was powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes 140hp geared steam engine.
Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam.
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full size class car.
The comic character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg.
Duncan Rouleau is an American.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India.
Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland.
The chairman of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has the title of 'President'.
Bionico contains raisins.
Albert Jennings Fountain's place of death was in the New Mexico Territory.
Honey can be added to bionico.
Buzz Aldrin served as a Fighter pilot.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen was developed by the Bella Center.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond.
Finland is led by Juha Sipila.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover.
The Battle of Gettysburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.
Auburn is located within the state of Washington.
Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of Local Government.
The Uruguayan currency is the Uruguayan peso.
Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager for Real Madrid Castilla.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms.
Andrews County Airport's 4th runway has a length in feet of 25.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane.
Acharya Institute of Technology's academic staff total is ~500.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta.
10R/28L is the runway name at Aarhus airport.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al-Naft.
King County Washington is in the U.S.
Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi TC.
Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans.
The total number of ALCO RS-3 made is 1418.
C.D. Fas is a member team of the Salvadoran Primera División.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport's runway length is 3500.
Bhajji and pakora are related.
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench.
Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana.
Above the Veil contains 248 pages.
Albennie Jones has a background as a solo singer.
The country of origin of the ALV X-1 is the United States.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer).
The singer Andra's occupation is singing.
Rodolfo Llopis preceded Felipe Gonzalez.
The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero.
The French language is spoken in Canada.
Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs.
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece.
103 Hera has an orbital period of 1622.213 days.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan.
Amarillo, Texas has a population density of 746 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Angola, Indiana is 524.5 inhabitants per sq km.
A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for the Russia national under 21 football team.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12.
Kinsealy is part of Swords, Dublin.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
Alan Bean performs as a test pilot.
Alex Day's active years in music began in 2006.
The leader of Italy is Matteo Renzi.
Suburban Legends performs Ska music.
The MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Karnataka has to its northeast Telangana.
Alessio Romagnoli is connected to UC Sampdoria.
Manila is the capital.
6573 feet is the length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
1001 Gaussia has an absolute magnitude of 9.7.
The birth place of Abdul Taib Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community.
The 3rd runway at Abilene Regional airport is 7202 feet.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3800.0.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester.
The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark.
New York City is part of New York.
07/25 is the runway name of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Albany in Georgia, has a population density of 535.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The Euro is the currency in Finland.
The Insular Government of the Philippine Islands was founded on 1901-07-01.
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a full-size luxury car.
The colour of the New Democracy in Greece is blue.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.
The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires.
The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 2215.0.
The leader in Buenos Aires is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C.
KACY is the ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport.
Alex Tyus is 2.032 metres tall.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge.
Scotland is the birthplace of Alan Frew.
The leader name of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
The American Locomotive Co. is located in the U.S.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members.
Andreas Vosskuhle is a leader in Germany.
Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke-Taylor.
The AIDS (journal) publishes about HIV.
The book Aenir was followed up by Above the Veil.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The number of employees in Trane is 29,000.
The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java.
HIV comes under the family of Retroviruses.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist, Bobina.
The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia.
The total area of Anaheim California is 131.6 sq km.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military.
William Anders is now retired.
12/30 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport.
11 Diagonal Street is owned by Redefine Properties Limited.
An ethnic group of the United States is Asian Americans.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alison O'Donnell is musically associated with the band Head South By Weaving.
The leader of Albuquerque (New Mexico) is called the Mayor of Albuquerque.
"1928 SJ" is the former name of 1101 Clematis.
Dianne Feinstein is a senator in the State of California.
GMA New Media is an entertainment industry.
The total area of Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres.
Sycamore is located in DeKalb County, Illinois.
Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Abel Caballero is a national of Spain.
AMC Matador is assembled in the USA.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The creator of Blockbuster (comics character) is Tom Lyle.
The French language is spoken in Canada.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al.
Hip hop music originated from jazz music.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Head South By Weaving.
HIV belongs to the family Orthoretrovirinae.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The Audi A1 has a 5 speed manual transmission.
Bhajji is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama.
Walter Baade's doctoral student was Halton Arp.
The Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research centre discovers the asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1.
The leader of France is Francois Hollande.
Akeem Ayers' current team is "Los Angeles Rams".
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
1923 NZ1951OB was the former name of 1000 Piazzia.
St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Ohio.
Ahmet Ertegun died in New York City.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres.
Al-Khor sports club ground is in Al Khor.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Alfons Gorbach was in office during President Adolf Schärf's reign.
ACF Fiorentina have 47290 members.
Austin, Texas, is part of Hays County Texas.
Alex Tyus played for the club Anadolu Efes S.K.
A.C. Chievo Verona were in the 2014–15 Serie A season.
Elliot See was born on the 23rd of July 1927.
The Suburban Legends music genre is Ska.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem.
Rice is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
1634: The Galileo Affair was followed by 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Jacksonville Dolphins play in Jacksonville, Florida.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al-Khor.
Chicago is located in the U.S.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
Felipe Gozon was born on December 8, 1939.
Atlantic City International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KACY.
Alan Shepard was selected by NASA in 1959.
Kashubians are an ethnic group of Poland.
Cleveland is part of Ohio.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3453.0.
Peter Stöger played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr.
10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0.21 km per secs.
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of - 7.
The AMC Matador's body style is station wagon.
The film, Big Hero 6, starred Alan Tudyk.
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level.
Boston Bruins are based in Boston.
They started to build Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961.
The current club of Adam Maher is PSV Eindhoven.
The wheelbase of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, is 2160.0 millimetres.
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory.
The Honda J engine was manufactured by Honda.
Buzz Aldrin was awarded the "Legion of Merit" ribbon.
Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
The length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet.
The nationality of William Anders is United States.
The runway length at Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219.0.
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President.
The periapsis of 101 Helena is 331683000.0 (kilometres).
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow.
The Euro is the currency in Spain.
Aaron Boogaard's draft team is Minnesota Wild.
The manufacturer of the Atlas II is Lockheed Martin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends.
Abel Caballero was employed at the Ministry of Public Works and Transport in Spain.
The Library of Congress Classification of "A Glastonbury Romance" is PR6031.O867.
John Buscema is an American.
Turkey's leader is the President of Turkey.
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995.
In Indonesia the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States.
Austin in Texas has a population of 1296.65 people per square kilometer.
Central Español plays in the Uruguayan Segunda División.
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport.
The floor area of Addis Ababa City Hall is 140000.0 (square metres).
Administrative Science Quarterly has a CODEN code of "ASCQAG".
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Akeem Ayers used to play for the St. Louis Rams.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Akeem Ayers's former team is the New England Patriots.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
T. S. Thakur was an Indian leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths' reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places.
11 Diagonal Street was built in 1978.
Albert B. White died on the 1941-07-03.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Antares rocket.
Hamburger SV compete in the Bundesliga.
Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Fort Campbell is the birth place of Allen Forrest.
Angola is part of the state of Indiana.
A Wizard of Mars was published by Harcourt.
Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance.
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia.
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards.
ACF Fiorentina full name is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
Alex Plante was born in 1989.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923.
The singer Andra is associated with the band CRBL.
Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance.
Agra Airport is in India.
The top speed of an AIDAstella is 38.892.
Elliot See was born in Dallas.
Atlanta is part of Georgia.
Pantaleon Alvarez is a political leader in the Philippines.
ORAA is the ICAO location identifier of Al Asad Airbase.
The English language is spoken in Illinois.
Adam Holloway was involved in Gulf War battles.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members.
The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 km/sec.
St Louis is part of the French First Republic.
1928 SJ was the former name of 1101 Clematis.
Rock music originated from country music.
The language in Russia is Russian.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 31.48 tax hp engine.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
AC Milan is in Serie A league.
Adam Holloway's Alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka.
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for the club Al-Zawra'a SC.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas.
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A. Heinlein.
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa.
There is .54 square kilometers of water in Albany, Oregon.
Chris Patten represented British Hong Kong.
Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The Monarch of Denmark is the country's leader.
CD FAS's league is the Salvadoran Primera Division.
Weymouth Sands was written by John Cowper Powys.
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague.
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0.
The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe 's production started in 1958.
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov has a ship beam of 21.2 m.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18Q) transmission.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
AMC Matadors are assembled in the USA.
AFC Blackpool competed in the 2014 season.
The United States is the birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicoff.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Taro.
BBC is located in London.
Doug Moench created the comic character Ballistic.
Dave Challinor played football for Bury FC.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is Doom metal.
The country Barny Cakes come from is France.
Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus, Denmark.
Gruppo Bertone is located in Italy.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region.
Albennie Jones stopped performing in 1950.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books.
The ISSN number of Addiction journal is 1360-0443.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia.
Andrews County Airport's runway name is 16/34.
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages.
Aleksandra Kovač performs funk music.
Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of Parana.
The residence of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Rolando Maran is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club.
Little Chute, Wisconsin is part of Appleton, Wisconsin.
Barny cakes contain 4.8g of fat.
Appleton, Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport.
Spanish is a language spoken in Texas.
110 Lydia has an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres.
The capital of Berlin is Germany.
Hays County Texas county seat is San Marcos Texas.
The length of the AIDAluna ship beam is 32.2.
Italy is inhabited by Italians.
During the 2014-15 season FC Torpedo Moscow played in the Russian Premier League.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil.
The location identifier for Appleton International Airport is ATW.
Alex Tyus began his active years in 2011.
Anaheim in California has an elevation of 48.0m above sea level.
The revenue of Trane is 10264000000.
HOK (firm) were the architects of 200 Public Square.
Almond is classed as a flowering plant.
Alfred Garth Jones makes a living as an Illustrator.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages.
(410777) 2009 FD has an epoch date of June 27th 2015.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak.
C.D. FAS play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The escape velocity of 101 Helena is 0.0348 km per sec.
Birmingham's leader is Andrew Mitchell.
Aaron Boogaard was born on 11/08/1986.
John van den Brom is in the Jong Ajax club.
In his youth, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol.
Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader in Malaysia.
The motto of the Philippines is Maka-Diyos, Maka-Tao, Makakalikasan at Makabansa.
The number of undergraduates attending the Acharya Institute of Technology is roughly 10000 students.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi.
The top speed of the AIDAluna is 40.744.
66063 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days.
A Clerk (municipal official) is the leader of Atlantic City, N.J.
Peter Stoger plays for LASK Linz.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer.
The record label of the musician Andrew White is Polydor Records.
Auburn, Washington is in the U.S.
Glen Ridge is located in the Essex County in New Jersey.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland helps to lead the country.
Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Graeme Garden was born in Aberdeen.
Abel Caballero worked at the Ministry of Public Works and Transport in Spain.
Aenir has a total of 233 pages.
The comic book character The Arrow's alter ego is Rick Parker.
Ayam penyet has fried chicken in it.
The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3/21.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County Michigan is in the United States.
Alex Day's music genre is Folk music.
Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Indiana is the United States.
The ISSN number of Addiction (journal) is 1360-0443.
Doug Moench won the Eagle Award (comics).
Abel Caballero was born in Spain.
Farrar, Straus and Giroux publish A Severed Wasp.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais.
Aaron Boogaard's club is Wichita Thunder.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Jeff Fisher is the coach of the St Louis Rams.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Iraq.
Anaheim is in California in the U.S.
Texas is in the U.S.
108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth.
German is the official language of Belgium.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres.
Indiana is located within the United States.
The A-Rosa Luna is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines.
The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
Paris Cullins is a United States national.
West Germany was the birthplace of Agnes Kant.
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 SqKm.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3990.0.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis can be located by its ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
William Anders was born October 17th 1933.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow, Russia.
Arlington, Tarrant County, is in Texas.
SV Werder Bremen plays in the Bundesliga.
Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle.
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
Alfredo Zitarrosa death place was in Montevideo.
Houston Texans is owned by Bob McNair.
Akeem Priestley is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA Network.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was in office while John F. Kennedy was president.
Abel Hernández's club is Hull City A.F.C.
T S Thakur is a leader of India.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan.
AFC Ajax N.V. owns AFC Ajax.
AFAS Stadion is the ground of AZ Alkmaar.
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is 25 feet long.
European Parliament is the title of the leader of Dublin.
The main ethnic group in Japan is the Japanese.
The discoverer of 410777 2009 FD is Spacewatch.
One of the places in World War II was named South East Asian theatre of World War II.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia.
Acharya Institute of Technology has 10,000 undergraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology employs about 500 academic staff.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Orange County Blues FC.
The book Aenir is available in paperback.
Ahmet Ertegun goes by the alternative name A. Nugetre.
The Jackson University team is known as the Jacksonville Dolphins.
Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain.
Trance music has its origins in Pop music.
Albert B. White was born 22nd September 1856.
Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to Argentina 15 October 1968.
Felipe Gonzalez's predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953.28.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region.
Rolando Maran is in the Carrarese Calcio club.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education.
Akeem Ayers was born in Raleigh North Carolina.
MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Synthpop is a derivative of disco music.
The United States operates a federal government system.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert.
The Acura TLX is a front wheel drive vehicle.
The United States is the country of origin of Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins.
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg.
Appletone International Airport city served Appleton, Wisconsin.
The Boston Bruins are based in the city of Boston.
To the west of Adams County, Pennsylvania, is Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
Gordon Marsden is one of Blackpool's leaders.
The 1955 Dodge has a straight-six engine.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property.
Al Anderson, of the band NRBQ, was born in the United States.
Aarhus Airport runway name is 10L/28R.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is located in the United States.
The comic character, Blockbuster's alternative name is Roland Desmond.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay.
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music.
11264 Claudiomaccone's orbital period is 1513.722 days.
Infraero is in Brazil.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The latin name for 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis.
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II.
AmeriGas's industry is classified as the energy industry.
The headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority are at Jinnah International Airport.
Adam Maher currently plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry.
Akeem Ayers started his career in 2011.
Abel Hernandez was born in Uruguay.
Airey Neave was a hero and awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
The Acura TLX has a Honda J engine.
The English language is spoken in Alderney.
89646863 is the LCCN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
Austin is the capital city of Texas.
The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of Asser Levy Public Baths is 80002709.
The Chancellor of the College of William and Mary is Robert Gates.
A.C. Chievo Verona were in Serie A in 2014-15.
AZ Alkmaar's ground is AFAS Stadion.
The asteroid called (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0.
English is the language used in 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Addis Ababa City Hall has a 140000.0 (square metres) floor area.
Andra (singer) was born in 1986.
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport.
South Africa's leader is called Jacob Zuma.
A.T. Charlie Johnson resides in the United States.
Barny cakes can be found in France.
The United States was founded on July 4, 1776.
The people of Argentina are called Argentines.
Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is the creator of Ben Urich.
The population density of Atlantic City, New Jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
James Pallotta was born in Boston.
The author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis is Virginia DeMarce.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national under-20 football team.
Aaron Bertram's birth date is 1981-04-03.
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak.
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219.0.
There are 388 pages in the book "A Severed Wasp".
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 4000.0.
The Alfa Romeo 164 engine is also known as a straight-four engine.
The Audi A1 has a front engine, front-wheel drive layout.
Elizabeth II is the leader of Jamaica.
388 is the number of pages A severed Wasp has.
Poaceae is of the order Poales.
Abradab started performing in 1994.
The AIDS journal has the LCCN number 90640840.
A Wizard of Mars has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Miri, Malaysia, is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud.
The Library of Congress Classification of A Glastonbury Romance is PR6031O867.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second.
A.S. Roma have a ground in Rome.
The National Park Service owns the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) can be found in Amsterdam.
Yemi Osinbajo is a leader in Nigeria.
Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The AIDAluna has a ship beam of 32.2.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres).
The Democratic Party (U.S.) is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport.
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497.0.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication.
The alma mater of Ab Klink is Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team.
The AIDAstella was laid down on 17th December 2008.
The comic character, Arion, was created by Jan Duursema.
Curitiba is in Brazil.
Tony Hall, the Baron Hall of Birkenhead, is a key person with the BBC.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Chinabank has 295 branches.
Max Huiberts is associated with the club AZ Alkmaar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's successor was Al-Amin Daggash.
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party.
Alison O'Donnell is signed to the Osmosys Records label.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia.
Alan Frew's musical genre is Alternative rock.
Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet'.
The clarinet is used in Jazz music.
The Flemish Government has its jurisdiction in Flanders.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina.
Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy.
Denmark is led by a Monarch.
The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House.
The city of Alba Iulia has a University called "1 Decembrie 1918 University".
HVAC is one of Trane's products.
Bacon is an ingredient in the dish 'Bacon Explosion'.
Al Asad Airbase's runway length is 3090.0.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83.
Alessio Romagnoli's current club is AC Milan.
Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia.
Antioch is part of California.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is available in print form.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka.
Switzerland's legislature is formed in the Federal Assembly.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC.
The EISSN number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1080.
The runway name of Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is 18C/36C Zwanenburgbaan.
Livorno, Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s.
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta, Georgia.
African-American is an ethnic group in the United States.
The founder of The Bodley Head is Charles Elkin Mathews.
107 Camilla has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km.
The A-Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine.
Alvinegro is the nickname for Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Merrikh SC.
Anaheim, CA has 25.2 square kilometres of water.
The length of the ARA Veinticinco is 192000.0 millimetres.
The number of members of Azal Pfk is 3500.
Standard Chinese is a language in China.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
The coach of St. Louis Rams is Steve Spagnuolo.
1036 Ganymed has an orbital period of 374976.0 seconds.
Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related forms of transportation.
Springer Science & Business Media is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg.
Aaron Hunt plays for the club, Hamburger SV.
Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge is the company Dodge.
Alessandro Dal Canto is the coach of the Italy national under-17 football team.
The AMC Matador is available in a 1974 model.
The alternative name of Ahmet Ertegun is A. Nugetre.
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport.
The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada.
A variation of Barny Cakes is to use Strawberry.
One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana.
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll.
The Battle of Salem Church occurred during the American Civil War.
"87000823" is Asilomar Conference Grounds' reference number in the National Register of Historic Places.
The final flight of the rocket, Antares was on the 18th of September 2013.
Albennie Jones ended his career in 1950.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Balingian region.
The city nearest to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
(410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch.
The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture.
Agra Airport is elevated 167.94 metres above sea level.
The 1st runway length in feet of Angola International Airport is 13123.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the US Army.
Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928.
103 Colmore Row opened in 1973.
The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located in Wellington.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in the United Kingdom.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in the Ukraine.
Atlanta has an area code of 404.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania.
The construction of Adare Manor was completed in 1862.
Alfons Gorbach's birthplace is Imst.
Alex Tyus is in the Euroleague.
The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is in the city of Aarhus.
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection F.C.
Adonis Georgiadis worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece.
Madison County, Indiana is in the country of the United States.
Abner W Sibal represented Connecticut's 4th Congressional District.
Buzz Aldrin retired on 1971-07-01.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a wheelbase of 127 inches.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in Hardcover.
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as Governor of Connecticut.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members.
Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce.
Julia Morgan was born in California.
A Severed Wasp is in the English language.
107 Camilla was discovered on March 1st 2001.
Wizards at War is published by Harcourt.
Adisham Hall has the architectural style 'Tudor Revival'.
Musicians, Andrew Rayel and Mark Sixma, are associates.
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones was authored by Brandon Sanderson.
The capital of Illinois is Springfield.
The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Auburn, Alabama is located at 214.0 above sea level.
Antioch, California time zone offset is -7.
AmeriGas is in the energy industry.
Dallas is located in the Collin County in Texas.
Hypermarcas makes healthcare products.
Gus Poyet's club is Real Zaragoza.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya.
Ahmet Ertegun is originally from Washington, D.C.
AIP Advances has a CODEN code of "AAIDBI".
Batagor should be served hot.
Mondelez International was founded in Chicago.
The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig.
The London government is known as the Parliament of the U.K.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin, Trinidad and Tobago.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Anders Osborne's genre is Blues.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin.
Alfred Moore Scales is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
The population density of Albuquerque in New Mexico is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Andrew White plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs.
Chinabank has 5594 employees.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s runway name is "03R/21L".
The successor of Abraham A. Ribicoff was John N. Dempsey.
Mike Mularkey is the coach for Tennessee Titans.
Alan Shepard retired on August 1, 1974.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force.
South East Asia was a location for World War II.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744 meters long.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music.
Sergio Marchionne is a key figure of Dodge.
Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. manager is Adnan Hamad.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
Alfred Moore Scales lives in the United States.
The leader of London is called Boris Johnson.
The developer of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center.
The leader of Brandon Manitoba is Larry Maguire.
Almonds are in the division of flowering plants.
Airey Neave died in the Westminster Hospital in London.
Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215.0.
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press.
The periapsis for (29075) 1950 DA is 124950000000.0.
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit.
Sweden is the birth place of Ace Wilder.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
St Louis is part of Spain.
The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis.
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer.
The AMC Matador has a hardtop.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on the 01-07-1976.
The language is Paraguay is Spanish.
Alternative rock has its stylistic origins in Punk rock.
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on April 21st, 2013.
AWH Engineering College is located in India.
The German empire was the birthplace of Walter Baade.
I am interested in the 2014 A.C. Lumezzane season.
John Major was a commander in the Gulf War.
Akeem Dent's player Number is 50.
The league U.C. Sampdoria play in is Serie A.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is based in the US.
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team.
German is an official language of Belgium.
The Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addis Ababa.
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is from Brazil.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) runway length is 597.0.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
The editors of AIP Advances are Vincent H. Crespi, Bernard S. Gerstman, A.T. Charlie Johnson, Masaaki Tanaka, Enge G. Wang.
There are 560 pages in "A Wizard of Mars".
Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader of Malaysia.
Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957.
The area codes for Alpharetta, Georgia are 770, 404 and 678.
Akron Summit Assault was in the 2011 season.
Angola in Indiana is part of the United States.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java.
The founding date of the United States was 1776-07-04.
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Rabadash Records.
Cleveland is in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
A Smilodon is a fossil from California.
Footballer, Steve Davis, manages Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Infraero is located in Brazil.
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia.
Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Antares rocket.
Filipino Language is the official language of the Philippines.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's successor was Olusegun Obasanjo.
Luis Miguel Ramis was a manager of Real Madrid Castilla.
Ahmet Ertegun has the alternative name A. Nugetre.
The land area, of Albuquerque (New Mexico), is 486.2 square kilometres.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the US Lesquin Club.
Alan Shepard was 13017 minutes in space.
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 3800.0.
Covington is the county seat of Fountain County, Indiana.
John Major was a commander during the Gulf War.
Aaron Turner's music is Post-metal.
Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Sage Publications.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio.
The character Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan.
Armin van Buuren plays House music.
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6.
New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain.
Barry Ferguson is the manager of Clyde F.C.
Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
The nationality of René Goscinny is French.
Abel Caballero worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III.
Joe Vitt is the coach for the St. Louis Rams.
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Vermont's largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
The manager of Crewe Alexandra FC is the footballer Steve Davis.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Corvallis is the largest city in Benton County, Oregon.
Albany, Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages.
Max Huiberts plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Airey Neave fought in World War II.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio.
The (66063) 1998 RO1 Asteroids maximum temperature is 500.0 (kelvins).
The final flight of Ariane 5 was on 27th September 2003.
George Kapitan created the comic character Airman.
The Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde".
The official language of the Philippines is Philippine English.
1080 is the EISSN number for the American Journal of Mathematics.
The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
The alternative name of Asterix (comics character) is "Astérix".
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland.
Dublin is led by the European Parliament.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States.
The musician Andrew White was signed to the record label Fiction.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Moscow.
Abel Hernandez played for the Central Espanol club.
Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards.
The Turkish currency is the Turkish lira.
Anders Osborne is a blues artist.
Alderney uses the English language.
Michele Marcolini plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Buzz Aldrin retired on July 1st, 1971.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas.
The celestial body known as 109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6.
The musician Andrew White's record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label.
AIP Advances has the ISSN number of "2158-3226".
Alan Bean's retirement was in June 1981.
Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
William Anders was born on October 17th, 1933.
Adisham Halls Architectural style`is Tudor and Jacabian.
The Ganges is India's most well known river.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a luxury vehicle.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season.
Texas is in the United States.
The SEAT Ibiza is related to the Audi A1.
BLT is a variation of club sandwich.
Alan Bean spent 100305.0 minutes in Space.
The largest city in Hays County, Texas is San Marcos.
Acharya Institute of Technology has an outlook ranking of 63.
Alan Shepard served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963.
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish–Soviet War.
The leader of Buenos Aires is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is playing in its ground at Metapán.
Marv Wolfman won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore.
Bacon Explosion is a main course.
Spanish is spoken in Uruguay.
The ISSN number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1080-6377.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Alan Frew's background is that of solo singer.
Agnes Kant's Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen.
Kinsealy is a part of Swords.
107 Camilla was discovered by M Gaffey.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language.
AGR is the IATA I.D. of the Agra Airport.
Chicharrón is a dish found in the country of Spain.
The population density of Auburn, Washington, is 914.8 inhabitants per sq km.
The temperature of 19255 1994 VK8 is 43 kelvins.
The cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue is "110 million (dollars)".
The native citizens of Uruguay are called Uruguayans.
Barny cakes are made with sponge cake.
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum.
Aaron Turner is an exponent of Sludge metal.
Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal.
Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong.
Agra Airport is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
The biggest city in the U.S. is New York City.
Al Anderson is in NRBQ band and their genre is Rock music.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins.
A.S. Roma's full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.
Len Wein has won awards from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece.
Navajo is a language in New Mexico.
New York City is the largest city of the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
(410777) 2009 FD has a density of 1890.0 kilograms per cubic metres.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is in the county Frederick, Maryland.
Aaron S. Daggett was present at the Battle of White Oak Swamp.
Alan Shepard was on the crew of Apollo 14.
Cornell University is in the state of New York.
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
The official language of the Philippines is Filipino language.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C.
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce.
The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way.
6.97 percent of the area of the United States is water.
King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is a census-designated place.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno, Italy.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix.
A commander in the American Civil War was Abraham Lincoln.
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26.
Alpharetta, Georgia has a total area of water of 1.0 sq km.
Hypermarcas is in the pharmaceutical industry.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 4000.0.
Alan B. Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars.
AFC Fylde competed in the 2014 season.
Abraham A. Ribicoff once worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office.
The book "A Glastonbury Romance" was followed by "Weymouth Sands".
Maria Lourdes Sereno is a Filipina leader.
107 Camilla was discovered on November 17th 1868.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14.
The total area of the United States is 9,833,516.63 square kilometers.
Homer Elihu Royce was the successor to Alvah Sabin.
AFC Ajax played in season 2014.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament.
Caterpillar Inc is located in the United States.
Trane was founded on January 1st 1913.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is ISSN number 1588-2632.
The singer Andra is associated with Andreea Bălan.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01.
Anders Osborne is a singer.
The population density of the city, Auburn in Alabama is 368.65 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J. Berry.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in 2015.
Adonis Georgiadis was the Vice President of New Democracy.
Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia.
The commander at the Battle of Fredericksburg was Robert E Lee.
Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B.
A commander in World War II was Franklin D. Roosevelt.
AS Livorno club plays in Serie B.
Daniel Gould Fowle's Alma Mater is Princeton University.
The Insular Government of the Philippine Islands was established on July 1, 1901.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.
The length of the A-Rosa Luna is 125.8 metres long.
Anaheim, in California, has a UTC offset of -8.
Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia.
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan.
AIP Advances has the impact factor 1.524.
GMA Network is located in Diliman.
The title of the chairman of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is President.
Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax.
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern.
The Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
The location identifier of Alpena County Regional Airport is APN.
Andrew Rayel plays the piano.
The leader Party of Quezon City is the Liberal Party of the Philippines.
2014 saw 1. FC Koln participating.
Pakora can be varied by using paneer.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion.
Chinabank has 295 locations.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II.
Anaheim is a city in Orange County which is part of California.
Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln Nebraska.
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is 31 December 2006.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor.
White people are an ethnic group within Ireland.
Sauli Niinisto is the leader of Finland.
Aaron S. Daggett died in Massachusetts.
The operators of Appleton International Airport are in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Leon Trotsky was the commender in the Polish-Soviet War.
Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada.
Iwan P Williams discovered 15788 1993 SB.
Alcobendas is in Spain.
Buzz Aldrin performed as a fighter pilot.
The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is Al-Naft.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is "1732-2421".
The Queen of Denmark is Margrethe II.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l."
The CODEN code "ADICE5" is for Addiction (journal).
Ground beef is an ingredient in Bakso.
French is a language spoken in France.
AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin.
The Insular Government of the Philippine Islands was founded on July 1, 1901.
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina.
SLK is the I.D. of the Adirondack Regional Airport.
The Euro is the currency in the Netherlands.
1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.
One of the battles Aaron S. Daggett fought in, was the Second Battle of Rappahannock Station.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3400.0.
The comic character, Auron's full name is Lambien.
The Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) has a 21.2 m long ship beam.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat.
A Loyal Character Dancer has 360 pages.
Narendra Modi is a leader in India.
William M O Dawson died in Charleston, West Virginia.
T. S. Thakur is India's leader.
The population density of Angola, Indiana, is 524.5 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Iraq national under-23 football team.
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade.
Andra sings pop music.
The home of the Houston Texans is the city of Houston.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has provided spare parts for NAeL Minas Geraisand with the remainder being scrapped in 2000.
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501.
The population density in Angola, Indiana, is 524.5 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Valentina Matviyenko is a leader in Russia.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in Dnipropetrovsk.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco.
Alcobendas is located in Spain.
GMA New Media was founded on 01-01-2000.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4,100.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki.
The construction of 108 St Georges Terrace began in 1981.
Canyon, is the county seat of Randall County, which is in Texas.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is "0236-5294".
The total production amount for the ALCO RS-3 is 1418.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry Monument is in the state of Maryland.
U.C. Sampdoria is in the Serie A league.
Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr. was commonly known as Buzz Aldrin.
Olympia is the capital of Washington.
The 3Arena is located on North Wall Quay.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States.
Austin, Texas has a area of land that measures 686.0 (square kilometers).
ACF Fiorentina played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
Abel Caballero is Spanish.
Parkersburg, West Virginia is in the United States.
Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Ireland is located in Europe.
Aleksandre Guruli's height is 178.0 centimetres.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Texas.
AIDS (journal) was first published in 1987.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Stockport County F.C.
The name of the leader of the Philippines is Pantaleon Alvarez.
Alan Shepard was a member of the Apollo 14 crew.
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986.
Chicharron is from the Andalusia region.
The AMC Matador is a Coupé.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
Above the Veil has a OCLC number of 46451790.
AZ Alkmaar full name is "Alkmaar Zaanstreek".
Alexandria, Indiana is 265m above sea level.
The film Big Hero 6 stars actor Damon Wayans Jr.
Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate.
101 Helena has a density of 2.0 gram per Cubic centimeters.
Auburn is part of Washington state.
The Houston Texans play in Texas.
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador.
The DeSoto Custom was manufactured at DeSoto.
The length of ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres.
Adam Koc is of Polish nationality.
United Petrotrin FC's ground is Palo Seco.
The owner of the Atlanta Falcons is Arthur Blank.
Al Asad Airbase has the runway name 09R/27L.
The founding date of the Philippines was 6-12-1898.
N. R. Pogson died in Chennai.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
A Severed Wasp was written in the English language.
Yemi Osinbajo is the leader of Nigeria.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres.
Hypermarcas had a net income of $108,600,000.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico City.
There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City.
Narendra Modi is the leader of India.
Agnes Kant lives in Doesburg.
Spanish is a language spoken in Texas.
Acoustic music is Alex Day’s genre.
The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is 1932-07-27.
The comic character Bolt, was created by Paris Cullins.
103 Hera has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
Jerry Ordway's nationality is American.
Alex Tyus started to play on the professional level in 2011.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau.
The population density of Brazil is 23.8 per square kilometer.
Albany is part of the U.S. State of Georgia.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan.
Buzz Aldrin's birth name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014-2015.
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full-size luxury vehicle.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Aaron Boogaard's birthplace is Regina, Saskatchewan.
The "Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA" is the full name of A.C. Lumezzane.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in the UK.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
James Craig Watson died from peritonitis.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in the U.S.
Houston Texans are based in the city of Houston.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0.
There are 14.2 square kilometers of water in Abilene, Texas.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Abilene Texas is 524m above sea level.
The bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in 1995.
The Minotaur IV rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The former name of 1097 Vicia is "1928 PC".
Frank Borman was the Apollo 8 commander.
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere.
Akeem Adams' birthplace was Point Fortin, Trinidad and Tobago.
Alan Frew was born in the U.K.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's birth place was Uruguay.
A.C. Cesena's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
The ISSN number "0002-9327" is for American Journal of Mathematics.
The celestial body known as (15788) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000.
Administrative Science Quarterly publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University.
U.S. Città di Palermo play in the Serie A league.
Buzz Aldrin was born January 20, 1930.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport.
Barrow A.F.C. are the National League North Champions.
Uruguayans is a demonym for Uruguay.
The Akita Museum of Art 3 floors.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
Perth is in Australia.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae.
Karl Kesel is the creator of the comic character, Auron.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Celery is a member of the genus Apium.
The novel Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle.
In France the currency is the Euro.
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kgs.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Blackburn Rovers FC.
Taro is a main ingredient in Binignit.
The Bodley Head published A Glastonbury Romance.
The Antares rocket made its first flight on April 21, 2013.
Akeem Priestley is in the Harbour View FC youth club.
Cornell University is in New York.
Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland.
Albert B. White's year of birth was 1856.
A Wizard of Mars' ISBN number is "978-0-15-204770-2".
Akita is located in Japan.
Lemon is part of genus Citrus.
Seattle is the largest city in King County, Washington.
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League.
Turkey's capital is Ankara.
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is rhythm and blues.
The A-Rosa Luna was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004.
Paulo Sousa plays at the Inter Milan club.
The leader in Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
Hamilton Academical F.C. play in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire.
The official language of the Philippines is the Filipino language.
Paul Ryan is the name of one of the government leaders in the United States.
The total area of Quezon City is 165.33.
SV Werder Bremen is in the Bundesliga league.
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
15788 1993 SB has an apoapsis of 7715100000 kilometres.
The christening date of the AIDAluna is 2009-04-04.
A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong.
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of South Mountain.
657 and 714 are area codes for Anaheim, CA.
GMA New Media was founded on January 1, 2000.
Ann Arbor (Michigan), has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
Punjab is found in the country Pakistan.
The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II.
Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus.
William Anders is retired.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon.
Anderson is the largest city in Madison County, Indiana.
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 07/25.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is available in hardcover.
David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Adam Holloway worked as a Member of parliament.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the U.S.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay.
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1,219.
The Acura TLX's engine type is the Honda J.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al-Talaba SC.
Max Huiberts is in the AZ Alkmaar club.
The production of the Abarth 1000 GT has started in the Year 1958.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164 Kelvins.
The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800.0.
Abraham A. Ribicoff is married to Ruth Ribicoff.
Aaron Bertram is a non vocal instrumentalist.
Arepa is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Christian Panucci plays for the Italy national football team.
The Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire.
The location of AIDA Cruises is Germany.
The official language of the Philippines is Filipino.
Agnes Kant resided in Doesburg.
To the west Karnataka borders on the Arabian Sea.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is part of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C.
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright.
The AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London.
Ahmet Ertegun performs rock and roll music.
107 Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Hamilton Academical FC plays at New Douglas Park.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin.
Bananaman last aired on 15th April 1986.
3Arena is 28.0 metres high.
The band Suburban Legends' genre is Rock music.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar.
1 FC Köln played in the 2014 season.
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault.
Alex Plante's birth place is Brandon, Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantù.
Asam padeh is also known as Asam pedas.
Alex Tyus weighs 99.792 (kilograms).
Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella.
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long.
Akron, Ohio is located within the United States.
Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is within the United States.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen.
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria.
320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
James Craig Watson originates from Canada.
Alan Shepard died on July 21, 1998.
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae.
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has a mean temperature of 154 kelvins.
Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
Tomato is part of the flowering plant division.
Armin van Buuren's genre is House music.
The author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Brandon Sanderson.
The California State Senate leads Anaheim, California.
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad.
Albert Jennings Fountain was a politician while Vice President Edmund J. Davis was in office.
Akron Summit Assault's chairman is Dave Laughlin.
Alan Shepard is dead.
The founding date of the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands was 07-01-1901.
The Jacksonville Dolphins are the university team for Jacksonville University.
Abel Hernandez's club is Penarol.
Ajoblanco is from Spain.
The length of the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3400.0 metres.
Aaron Deer is a singer.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish.
Ska punk originated from punk rock music.
Hergé was the creator of the character Bianca Castafiore.
There is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people in Japan.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan.
Anaheim in California has the area code: 657, 714.
Angola is part of Indiana which is in the United States.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for Alianza F.C.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al-Khor Sports Club.
Abraham A. Ribicoff is a United States national.
United States House of Representatives is located in Washington DC.
103 Hera has a rotation period of 85466.9.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark.
Airey Neave was awarded the Order of the British Empire.
The AMC matador was assembled in Australia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press.
Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
They speak Spanish in Argentina.
William M. O. Dawson died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Alex Tyus' club is Pallacanestro Cantu.
Steve Bright is the creator of Bananaman.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar.
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8".
A.S. Livorno Calcio played in season 2014.
Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson.
The number of employees working at Chinabank is 5594.
James Pallotta is the chairman of A.S. Roma.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece.
The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square km.
1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 kilometres per second.
Agustin Barboza was born on the 5th May 1913.
British people live in the United Kingdom.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia.
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square km.
Abel Hernández plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Independence.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma.
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C.
Ring of Fire II is written in English.
Jeff Fisher is a coach for the St. Louis Rams.
Amarillo, Texas is 1099 metres above sea level.
John Buscema has been awarded by the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Anderson, Township of Madison County, Indiana is in the Country of United States.
Bakso is made in China.
The Jacksonville Dolphins are based in the city of Jacksonville, Florida.
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Asuncion.
The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden.
Arabic is the official language of Iraq.
The Acura TLX has front-wheel and all-wheel drive.
The creator of Baymax is Steven T. Seagle.
The comic book character Airman was created by Harry Sahle.
Allen Forrest performs acoustic music.
Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level.
Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK.
The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litre engine.
There are 992.6 people per square kilometres in Alpharetta, Georgia.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5kgs.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of South Mountain.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national under-20 football team.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Drogheda United FC.
Money used in Greece is the Euro.
Ampara hospital is located in Ampara district.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
A fortress of Grey Ice is available in print.
Synthpop is a form of House music.
The John Sessions Stadium is where the Jacksonville Dolphins play their home games.
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italy national under-16 football team.
Aaron Bertram has a background with a non vocal instrument.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid-size luxury executive car.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is part of Bernalillo County.
Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia.
107 Camilla was discovered by C. Woods.
The genre of Al Anderson is rock music.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18.29 kilometres per second.
The post metal instrument is a Cello.
The orbital period for 110 Lydia is 142603000.0.
Alex Tyus's club is Maccabi Ashdod BC.
Aaron Hunt played for the SV Werder Bremen youth team.
The Euro is the currency in France.
Atlanta is the capital of the U.S. state of Georgia.
The senate in California is part of the California State Legislature.
The maximum temperature of 410777 2009 FD is 362.0 kelvins.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleontology.
The apoapsis of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 6603633000.0 km.
Hypermarcas is an S.A. corporation.
The leader of Japan is Shinzō Abe.
King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is in the North American Eastern Time Zone.
United States leader is called Paul Ryan.
Lockheed, Martin is in Bethesda, Maryland.
AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam.
Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961.
The Trane industry is building materials.
The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference.
German is the language spoken in Denmark.
San Marcos is the largest city in Hays County, Texas.
Peter Stoger is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Chicago is part of the State of Illinois.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, New York.
George Winkler is from the United States of America.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Straight four engine.
Len Wein won the Inkpot Award.
AIP Advances is devoted to the study of physics.
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 (square kilometres).
Bionico is a food found in Mexico.
Alessio Romagnoli is in the club Italy national under 17's.
The previous name of 320 South Boston Building was the Exchange National Bank Building.
Akeem Priestley is in the Jacksonville Dolphins club.
Akeem Dent was born in the Year 1987.
The currency used in Turkey is lira.
103 Hera was discovered on September 7th 1868.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico.
The IATA Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is ASB.
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5.
Production of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe began in 1958.
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphins.
Gene Colan created Ben Urich.
The area codes in Akron, Ohio are 234 and 330.
The population density of Austin, Texas, is 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km.
Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
The Ashgabat International Airport's 3rd runway length in ft is 2953.
The leader of India is Narendra Modi.
Aenir is an Australian novel.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 1732-2421.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
The average speed of 1089 Tama is 19.94 km per sec.
Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada.
The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
NASA selected Alan Shepard in 1959.
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A.
AmeriGas was founded on January 1, 1959.
The alternative name of Airman (comics character) is "Drake Stevens".
The elevation above the sea level (in metres) of Athens International Airport is 94.
Akeem Dent's former team was the Houston Texans.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds.
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000.0 millimetres.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors.
St. Louis is part of Spain.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica.
Administrative Science Quarterly has the ISSN number of 0001-8392.
The Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Arapiraca.
Dave Challinor plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Warnemünde.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore.
Steve Spagnuolo is the coach of the St. Louis Rams.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba.
Kill Rock Stars are located in Portland, Oregon.
Carpi F.C. 1909 won the Serie B championship before.
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long.
The Aarhus is the airport of Aarhus, Denmark.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany.
Jacob Zuma is a leader in South Africa.
Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on the 4th of June, 1996.
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0.
The epoch date for (66391) 1999 KW4 is 2004-07.14.
A Severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735.
Grantville Gazette II is preceded by The Grantville Gazette.
The New England Patriots are a former team of the player Akeem Ayers.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy.
Gruppo Bertone is located in Turin.
Akeem Ayers' former team is St. Louis Rams.
The cost of 108 St. Georges Terrace is 120 million AUD.
101 Helena has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetres.
Albert B White was born 1856-09-22.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs.
Aaron S. Daggett fought during the Battle of Garnett's & Golding's Farm.
Elliot See was born on July 23rd, 1927.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines.
Wolf Solent was followed by A Glastonbury Romance.
Alessio Romagnoli is currently with A.C. Milan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore.
Andra began her singing career in 2000.
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
Folk music is the genre of Alex Day.
Adonis Georgiadis worked in the Ministry of Health in Greece.
Covington is the County seat of Fountain County, in Indiana.
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3.
The operator of the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 is the United States Air Force.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Shorta SC.
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia, United States.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT.
Arlington is part of Texas.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones.
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Inkpot Award.
Alan Shepard died July 21st, 1998.
The AIDAstella has a beam of 32.2 m.
The United States Army fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle.
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level.
The orbital period for 1099 Figneria, is 179942000.0.
The leader of Japan is called Akihito.
The leader of Brandon, Manitoba is the Conservative Party of Canada.
Alan Bean's time in space was 100305.0 minutes.
Alan Frew is from Newmarket, Ontario.
The US Citta di Palermo are in the Serie A League.
Dave Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde.
The periapsis measurement of 10 Hygiea is 416136000000.0.
Disco derives from rhythm and blues.
A severed wasp is published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
David Cameron is a leader in the UK.
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II.
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Chumakov's birth place is Moscow.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy.
A.F.C. Fylde are based at Bryning Lane.
Auburn, Alabama has an area of water that is 1.7 km.
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0.0455 km/s.
The address of Adisham Hall is St. Benedicts Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States.
103 Colmore Row is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture".
Operation Enduring Freedom is a battle of the United States Army.
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family.
Abel Caballero belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
The net income of AmeriGas is 211200000.
The Alpena County Regional Airport's location id is "APN".
Am. J. Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics.
Athens is a city in Greece.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon".
Arròs negre is from Spain.
Alan Martin (footballer) is 185.42 centimetres tall.
The Audi A1 has a 5-speed manual transmission.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in the bakewell tart.
The Alfa Romeo 164's engine can hold 2.5 litres.
William Anders was chosen by NASA in 1963.
The hometown of John Madin is Birmingham.
The House of Representatives forms part of the United States Congress.
The language of Sri Lanka is the Tamil language.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Warnemunde.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of little chute, Wisconsin.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore.
The Akita Prefecture is part of the country of Japan.
The Olympic Stadium is in Athens.
Honda manufactures a model called the Accord.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U.S. Air Force.
The currency of Mexico is the peso.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde".
Arabic is a language found in Michigan.
The Polish Academy of Sciences is based in Poland.
Appleton International Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 280.
The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
Adam McQuaid was born on Prince Edward Island.
An ethnic group of Poland is the Kashubians.
The musician Andrew White is a non-vocal instrumentalist.
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
An alternative name for Asam pedas is Asam padeh.
Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
107 Camilla has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Christian Burns is an exponent of House music.
Sportpark De Toekomst is operated by AFC Ajax.
Alison O'Donnell's music genre is Psychedelic folk.
The area code of Anderson, in Indiana, is 765.
The minimum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0 deg celsius.
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport.
The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team.
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport.
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Funk.
The alma mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin. He graduated from it with a B.S. in 1955.
The leader of Austin, Texas is called the Mayor.
The comic book character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo.
Montreal Canadiens have been the champions of the National Hockey League the most times.
The runway length at Al Asad airbase is 3090.0.
The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1558-2868.
Aaron Hunt plays for Goslarer SC 08.
John Cowper Powys passed away in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The comic character Asterix is sometimes called "Astérix".
The creator of Airman, (comics character) is George Kapitan.
A911 MD is the former name of 1001 Gaussia.
9312 people voted for Adam Holloway.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet.
The novel Aenir was followed by Above the Veil.
1001 Gaussia has an orbital period of 5.75 days.
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol's youth club.
The ELA-3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre.
Barny cakes can be made with apple.
Christian alternative rock is a subgenre of alternative rock.
Richard A. Teague is employed by Chrysler.
The mean temperature at 1001 Gaussia is 154.0 (kelvins).
The Alvis Car and Engineering Co. is located in Coventry.
Jens Hartel is attached to the club FSV Zwickau.
The film Big Hero 6 stars Damon Wayans, Jr.
The guitar is played in indie rock music.
The Abilene Regional Airport's 3rd runway length is ft is 7202.
The population density of Attica Indiana is 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Poaceae class is Monocotyledon.
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band, The Owl Service.
Minnesota Wild's general manager is Chuck Fletcher.
Rostock is in Germany.
Albert B. White worked as the Governor of West Virginia.
The current team of Akeem Ayers is the Los Angeles Rams.
1089 Tama has the temperature of 179.0 kelvins.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Jens Härtel is a member of the FSV Zwickau club.
The total area, of Albany (Georgia), is 144.7 square kilometres.
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Italy.
Abilene, Texas is situated at 524.0 above sea level.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497.0.
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia was formerly called A911 MD.
The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party (UK).
Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Alison O'Donnell is a Psychedelic folk musician.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
The currency in the Netherlands is the euro.
King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is in the North American Eastern time zone.
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
Buzz Aldrin's birth name was Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.
Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican.
Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines.
Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team.
The asteroid called 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18.29 kilometres per second.
The west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea.
Almond is one of the members of the Rosales order.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the United States.
Alan Frew comes from Newmarket, Ontario.
The time zone for King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is the North American Eastern Time Zone.
The leader of Brazil is named Michel Temer.
New Jersey is located within the United States.
Frank Borman was an Apollo 8 Commander.
English is spoken in Texas.
Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flemish Region.
(15788) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006.
1097 Vicia has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000.0.
Dave Challinor played for Stockport County F.C.
Akeem Priestley's club is Dayton Dutch Lions.
Andrew White is a non vocal instrumentalist.
"Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg" is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg.
The leader's name of Alderney is Elizabeth II.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0.
Albert B. White was the Governor of West Virginia.
The building at 320 South Boston Street has 22 floors.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Irlam Town F.C.
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft.
Greenlandic is the language spoken in Denmark.
Universal Music Group owns Philips Records.
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia.
Swords, Dublin is part of Leinster.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Rocket Minotaur V.
The length of the runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0.
The building of A-Rosa Luna was completed on April 6th 2005.
Synthpop is a musical derivative of house music.
Buzz Aldrin won the Legion of Merit ribbon.
The Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is of the media type E book.
107 Camilla has the epoch 31 December 2006.
AEK Athens FC played in the 2014 season.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al-Zawra'a SC.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid.
The Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8.
Richard A. Teague works for Chrysler.
The music genre for Ahmet Ertegun is blues.
Albert B. White's date of death was 1941-07-03.
The birth place of Abraham A Ribicoff is the United States.
10L/28R is the runway name of the Aarhus Airport.
Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War conflict.
The epoch date of 410777 2009 FD is 27 June 2015.
Roy Thomas won the Alley Award.
Ícolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province.
AWH Engineering College is in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
The United States was founded on 07-04-1776.
The Association for Computing Machinery is headquartered in New York City.
2/20 is the name of the runway of Andrews County Airport.
Airey Neave dies at Westminster Hospital, London.
The Administrative Science Quarterly has a Coden code of "ASCQAG".
Infraero location is in Brazil.
The building of 103 Colmore Row began in 1973.
The novel 1634: The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II.
Condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Batak is the ethnic group in Sumatra.
The area code for Atlanta is 404.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County in Pennsylvania.
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18L/36R.
GMA New Media's industry is mass media.
Glen Ridge is in the Essex County in New Jersey.
Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia.
The AMC Matador is in the mid-size car class.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is US Boulogne.
Adam Koc nationality is Polish.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis as a sport.
04/22 Oostbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
200 Public Square is located in Public Square, Cleveland.
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
The book "A Severed Wasp" is available in print.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor.
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York.
Alison O'Donnell is signed with the record label Stanyan Records.
The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1046-8188.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce.
The footballer Abner has represented the Brazil national under 20 team.
London is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S.
Amatriciana sauce can be varied by adding garlic.
Rene Goscinny is a French national.
County Limerick is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Akrons Summit Assault chairman is Dave Laughlin.
The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War.
St. Louis is part of the French first republic.
The currency in Turkey is the Turkish Lira.
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11.
Outagamie County, Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport.
Armin van Buuren performs house music.
Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the name of Denmark's leader.
African-American is an ethnic grouping in the United States.
The stylistic origin of hip hop music is disco.
Abraham A. Ribicoff died in New York City.
Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in Netherlands.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem.
Abilene, Texas has an area of water that is 14.2 square kilometres.
Baked Alaska is from the United States.
The AMC Matador is classed as a mid-size car.
The total area of Auburn, Alabama is 140.8 Sq Km.
Alfred Moore Scales began his career on January 21st 1885.
Drone music is a genre of Aaron Turner.
Cornish language is spoken in England.
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has a maximum temperature of 362 kelvins.
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars.
Brazil has a total area of 8514837.14 square kilometres.
The area codes for Arlington, Texas are 682, 817, 214, 469, 972.
Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Kissing Spell Records.
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais.
Gene Colan has been awarded the Eisner Award.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0.
1101 Clematis has the average speed of 16.54 km/s.
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer's Star, Parasol.
Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales.
A.F.C Blackpool play in the English Football League system.
The length of the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is 192000 millimetres.
Alex Day performs folk music.
The comic character Asterix is also known as Astérix.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The asteroid called 1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of 22nd October 2004.
The area code for Austin, Texas is 512.
Sycamore is in DeKalb County, Illinois.
French is one of the languages spoken in New York.
Dane Whitman Black Knight is a comic character created by Roy Thomas.
The book Aenir was written by Australians.
Bananaman last aired on April 15th 1986.
The net income of Hypermarcas is 108,600,000.
The creator of Airman (comics character) is George Kapitan.
The code of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is AMAHE9.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
The singer called Andra was born in 1986.
An alternative name for the comic character Balder is Balder Odinson.
Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of Black Pirate.
173.0 kelvins is the temperature of 101 Helena.
Jeff Fisher is a coach of the St. Louis Rams.
Audi A1 has a front-engine with front-wheel-drive.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis.
Sheldon Moldoff has won the Inkpot Award.
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are similar means of transport.
Bakewell tart comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club.
Alison O'Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak.
Akeem Priestley’s club is RoPS.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot.
Sergey Naryshkin is a key person at Sovcomflot.
The main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken.
The Antares rocket made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013.
The U.S. Army fought in the American Civil War.
The minimum temperature at (410777) 2009 FD is 211.0 kelvins.
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 was formerly called 1999 SN5.
John van den Brom plays for ADO Den Haag.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a width of 1.55 m.
The alma mater for Abel Caballero is the University of Santiago de Compostela.
Desteapta te, romane is the Romanian anthem.
Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham.
AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 6-speed manual Getrag transmission.
GMA New Media makes mobile apps.
Quezon City has a total area of 165.33.
One of the ethnic groups within South Africa is Asian South Africans.
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet.
Alex Tyus's club is Maccabi Tel Aviv BC.
Aaron Hunt is in the German national youth football team.
Cleveland's governing body is Cleveland City Council.
Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The bacon sandwich has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
110 Lydia travels at an average speed of 17.99 kilometres per second.
The book titled Aenir is a paperback.
Atlanta is in the U.S.
Alan Frew was born in the United Kingdom.
Al Anderson, part of the band NRBQ, was born in Windsor, Connecticut, United States.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9.
University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System.
Ab Klink worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region.
Alison O'Donnell's record label is Fruits de Mer Records.
Alan Shepard retired 1st of August 1974.
Alan Shepard is deceased.
The A-Rosa Luna was completed on April 6, 2005.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Alpharetta, is in Georgia, in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is located at 62.0 above sea level.
Albany is a city in Linn County, Oregon.
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester.
Ankara is the Turkish capital.
Massimo Drago plays for Calcio Catania.
French is the official language of Belgium.
Asherton, Texas is part of Dimmit County, Texas.
William Anders' time in space is 8820.0 minutes.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia.
A.C. Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona.
President of the Supreme Federal Court is a leader title in Brazil.
Akeem Priestley's club is Harbour View FC.
1818 is the length of the runway of Agra Airport.
Caterpillar, Inc. was founded in the U.S.
Rome was the birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October 1793.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kgs.
Angola is a city in Indiana.
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis worked at the Greek Ministry of Health.
A.S. Roma is in Serie A.
Casey Ribicoff's place of birth was Chicago.
AEK Athens's ground is in Greece.
The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
Adam Koc has won the Cross of Independence award.
Alex Tyus is 2.032m tall.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana.
A.C. Lumezzane play in italy.
Alex Tyus weighs 99.792 kg.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov.
One of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Zamboangans.
Juan Peron was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president.
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll music.
The lemon belongs to the rutaceae family.
Aaron Turner performed with the band Sumac.
Abel Hernandez's club is the Uruguay national under 20 football team.
Alternative rock has the sub genre Christian alternative rock.
The band Suburban Legends play rock music.
AmeriGas earns 211200000 of net income.
Hip Hop music has its stylistic origins in Jazz.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska.
Filipino language is the official language in the Philippines.
The runway length at Appleton International airport is 1982.0.
Ski Lanka's currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
(15788) 1993 SB has an orbital period of 7729430000.0.
Black pudding is included in the list of ingredients needed to make Bandeja paisa.
The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys.
Switzerland's legislature is known as the Federal Assembly.
The musical instrument clarinet is closely associated with jazz.
Alan Bean was in space 100305 minutes.
Atlantic City, in New Jersey, has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Indiana is in the U.S.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a rotation period of 11473.9.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The ISBN number of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis is 978-1-4165-4253-7.
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree.
William anders spent 8820 minutes in space.
Christian Panucci plays for A.S. Roma.
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons.
ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season.
The book The Secret Scripture followed the book "A Long Long Way".
The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar.
A.S. Roma's position is the Serie A.
Anders Osborne is an exponent of Rock music.
The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war.
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of the Addis Ababa city hall.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
The AMC Matador is also known as the Rambler Matador.
The area codes in Atlanta are 404, 678, and 470.
Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer.
Aaron Hunter played for SV Werder Bremen II.
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005.
110 Lydia has a temperature of 168.0 kelvins.
The total area of water in Anaheim, California is 25.2 square kilometres.
The Chinese language is spoken in California.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Washtenaw County.
AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B.
Ajoblanco contains water.
320 South Boston was completed in 1929.
FC Köln played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga.
The ares codes of Austin (Texas) are 512 and 737.
Allan Shivers was Lieutenant Governor of Texas.
The apoapsis for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 475426000.0 (kilometres).
The American Sub NR-1 is 45000 millimetres in length.
The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Greene Maine.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland.
American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague.
RoPS play in the Veikkausliiga league.
AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15.
The runway length at Amsterdam airport, Schiphol is 2014.0.
The Honda Accord is related to the Acura TLX.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm.
Tom Tait is a leader in Anaheim, California.
The novel Into Battle is preceded by Above the Veil.
The LCCN number of AIDS journal is 90640840.
The AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan.
Plymouth Plaza is related to the 1955 Dodge.
Doug Moench received the Eagle Award in the comics field.
The Antares rocket made its final voyage on September 18, 2013.
A.F.C. Blackpool play in the English Football League.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy novel.
Tirstrup is part of Denmark.
Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force.
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873.
Lake Placid, New York is part of Essex County, New York.
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014.
Brooklyn is a part of New York City.
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS-3.
ACF Fiorentina played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a straight-four engine.
Austin is the capital of Texas.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 4,019.
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on June 4, 1996.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is within the United States.
Doug Moench was the creator of the comic character Ballistic.
The launch site of Atlas II is Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars.
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Barrow AFC.
Allan Shivers started his active career on July 11th 1949.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math.
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol.
The university of Texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of Texas System.
Atlanta covers 344.9 square kilometres.
Abner W Sibal was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
The ethnic group for Spain is Spaniards.
John Sessions Stadium is the home of the Jacksonville Dolphins.
Alan Shepard retired on 1974-08-01.
Japan has an ethnic group called Koreans in Japan.
05L/23R is the runway name at Angola International airport.
Lincoln, Nebraska is the birthplace of Brandon Sanderson.
(15788) 1993 SB has an orbital periodd of 7729430000.0.
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
Auburn Alabama is in the United States.
UC Sampdoria play in the Serie A league.
A Wizard of Mars was published in hardback.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States.
Frank de Boer plays for AFC Ajax.
Akeem Adams played in the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team.
Allen Forrest is associated with the band The Black Eyed Peas.
The main language spoken on Alderney is English.
The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy.
Mexican Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
The 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza are related means of transport in that they are both cars.
Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz, Iloilo City.
The University of Texas, Austin, will compete in the Big 12 Conference.
Elizabeth II is the queen of Jamaica.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Iraq national under-20 football team.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 days.
Viking Press is located in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States.
Sovcomflot operates the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov.
Angola International Airport 1st runway is Number 5.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Addiction (journal) has the abbreviation of "Addiction".
Richard A Teague is an employee of General Motors.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Ace Wilder's genre is Electropop.
Aleksander Barkov Jr's draft team was the Florida Panthers.
The AMC Matador's body style is Coupé.
Donabate is part of Swords, Dublin.
Alpharetta, Georgia is elevated 346.0 above sea level.
Blue is the colour of the New Democracy in Greece.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is in Ohio.
The power of the ship Alhambra was by a geared steam engine Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes 140hp.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Tom Tomsk.
Hypermarcas also makes cosmetics products.
Texas is located in the United States.
DeKalb County, Georgia is located within the United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers sports including tennis.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin.
Alex Day's background is that of solo singer.
Banjo is an instrument for Country music.
Agnes Kant worked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The full name of AFC Ajax is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax".
In Albuquerque (New Mexico), the leader is called, the United States House of Representatives.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Lucky Ajax.
The number of members of Isidro Metapán is 10000.
1000 Piazzia was formerly known as "1967 ED".
The leader of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
Digify Inc. is a subsidiary of GMA New Media.
Aaron Hunt plays for the Germany national youth football team.
Abdul Taib Mahmud comes from the Asajaya region.
Adam Koc received the award Officer's Star Parasol.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 (millimetres) in length.
The runway name at Allama Iqbal International airport is 18L/36R.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Shorta SC.
Baked Alaska comes from either Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Dave Challinor played for Bury F.C.
Michele Marcolini has been associated with F.C. Bari 1908.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa.
AS Roma competed in the 2014 season.
806 is the area code for Amarillo, Texas.
The 3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin.
Alan Bean spent over 69 days in space, 100305 minutes to be exact!
King County, Washington is located within the United States.
The AidAluna christening date is 2009-04-04.
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the name of the leader in Buenos Aires.
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson.
Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico.
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC with the master of arts degree in 1957.
Alvah Sabin worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York.
The headquarters of the Democratic Party (United States) is at South Capitol Street.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama.
The Audi A1 and Volkswagen Polo are related kinds of transportation.
A-Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes.
The successor to Alfons Gorbach is Josef Klaus.
The beam of the AIDAluna is 32.2m.
Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors.
The capital of Texas is Austin.
Albennie Jones started being active in 1930.
England is the birth place of Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Dave Challinor is at the A.F.C. Fylde club.
Cleveland is located in the United States.
The British Arabs are an English ethnic group.
N R Pogson died in Chennai.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere.
Sweet potato belongs to flowering plants.
Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California.
The coach of the Los Angeles Rams is Jeff Fisher.
John Buscema won the Inkpot Award.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927.
Paul Ryan is a leader in United States.
GMA New Media is a mass media industry.
Tirstrup is in the country of Denmark.
The latin name of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond.
The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733.0.
Lansing is the capital of Michigan.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church.
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire.
The currency in Spain is the Euro.
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso.
Alan Fitzsimmons was the discoverer of 15788 1993 SB.
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins are from the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun performs blues music.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licata 1931.
Alan Bean performed as a test pilot.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, California.
Siomay is a variation on shumai.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma.
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Audi A1 has a 6-speed manual transmission.
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
Alex Day was born in the London Borough of Havering.
The AIDAluna made her maiden voyage on March 22nd 2009.
Ab Klink worked in the Senate for the Netherlands.
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Alvinegro".
One of the leaders of India is called T. S. Thakur.
Siege of Petersburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.
Christian Panucci plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio.
The Dead Man's Plack is made from rock.
John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem.
Scotland is the birth place of Alan Frew.
The address of Adisham Hall is St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
The UTC offset for Antioch California is -7.
Massimo Drago is in club Calcio Catania.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aaron deer plays the bass guitar.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
Rolando Maran plays at the Vicenza Calcio.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres.
William Anders retired Sept 1st 1969.
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120m Australian dollars.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in battles in the American Civil War.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup.
The rotation period for 1001 Gaussia is 33012.0.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band.
In Canada one of the main languages spoken is French.
There is an ethnic group of Asian Americans in the United States.
The ship Alhambra was launched on the 31st May 1855.
The Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the United States.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico, in the United States.
320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building.
Narendra Modi leads India.
Taylor County, Texas is in the US.
James Craig Watson died of peritonitis.
Kuala Lumpur is the Malaysian capital.
In Hong Kong, the spoken language is Chinese.
Joe Vitt is the coach of the St. Louis Rams.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh.
Rock music has its stylistic origins in folk music.
The city of Chicago is part of the state of Illinois.
Abraham A. Ribicoff's spouse was Casey Ribicoff.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Sedan body style.
101 Helena has an escape velocity of 0.0348 km/s.
Alvah Sabin was a Baptist.
Synthpop originated from Disco.
One of the ethnic groups in Poland are the Kashubians.
The book "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print.
GMA New Media is a company that offers products such as mobile applications.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was the commander in World War II.
Approximately 500 employees make up the academic staff at Acharya Institute of Technology.
Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore.
Buzz Aldrin's birth date is January 20, 1930.
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 900.0.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 km/sec.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735.
The country of Austin, Texas, is United States.
Indonesia's currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
The total area of the United States covered by water is 6.97 percent.
The urban area of the city of Swords, Dublin is 11.35.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band.
The alma mater of Alfred Moore Scales was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Alan Bean was chosen by NASA in 1963.
ENAIRE is in the city of Madrid.
Among the battles that Aaron S. Daggett fought in was the Battle of White Oak Swamp.
Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia.
Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War.
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus.
The footballer Alan Martin was 185.42 cm tall.
Lewis N. Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor.
The leader of India is called T. S. Thakur.
1634: The Ram Rebellion can be found in hardcover.
The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region.
1955 Dodge and Plymouth Plaza are related kinds of transportation.
The character, Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
Adam Koc was awarded the Virtuti Militari.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK.
Albany, Oregon is located at 64.008 above sea level.
Anaheim is part of California.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force.
The DeSoto Firedome was preceded by the DeSoto Custom.
A Wizard of Mars was published in print.
The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania.
The periapsis of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 6155910000000.0.
Italians inhabit Italy.
The ISBN number of Aenir is 0-439-17684-0.
Sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion.
Madison County is in Indiana, which is in the United States.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia.
The leader party for Quezon City is the Liberal Party (Philippines).
The foundation place of Abarth is Bologna.
The National Park Service looks after the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
Macmillan Publishers owns Tor Books.
Anaheim, CA has 336265 people inhabiting it.
The Ariane 5 has had 2 partial failures.
John Cowper Powys's notable work was Porius A Romance of the Dark Ages.
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors.
Aenir is a paperback.
109 Felicitas travels at an average speed of 17.73 km/s.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan.
1036 Ganymed has a periapsis of 184434000000.0.
The nationality of Dick Dillin is United States.
Adam Koc received the Legion of Honour award.
Into Battle (novel) was preceded by Above the Veil.
Allen Forrest was born 1981.
"Mark Desmond" is also known as the comic character Blockbuster.
Alfredo Zitarrosa music genre is Taquirari.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by the Association for Computing Machinery.
An ethnic group of Ireland is white people.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Serbia.
Hypermarcas sells healthcare products.
109 Felicitas has a rotational period of 47487.6.
Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott.
Argentina is where the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from.
Above the Veil is 248 pages long.
The leader party of Quezon City in the Philippines is the Liberal Party.
110 Lydia travels at an average speed of 17.99 kmps.
The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
The memorial depicting the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on July 11th, 1907.
The A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship.
The runway length at Afonso Pena International airport is 1800.0.
Aaron Deer is an artist for the band Wee Giant.
Alternative rock has origins in New wave music.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in the city of Athens.
The latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is "universitas Aarhusiensis".
1. FC Köln were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season.
Alan Shepard retired August 1st, 1974.
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti.
110 Lydia has a temperature of 168 kelvins.
United States Army fought in the Korean War.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1, is 500.0 kelvins.
The asteroid 110 Lydia has a temperature of 168.0 kelvins.
The national anthem of Romania is Desteapta-te, romane!
Jamaica's leader is Elizabeth II.
Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague.
Barry Ferguson is the manager for Clyde F.C.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan.
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
December 16, 2004 was the launch date for the A-Rosa Luna ship.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The ship AIDAluna was built by Meyer Werft.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 7/25.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere.
Aaron Hunt played for the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.
Airey Neave died in Westminster Hospital, London.
Indians is the name given to people from India.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background includes solo singing.
The ALV X-1 had 1 launch failure.
The Honda Accord is made by Honda.
Adisham Hall was finished in 1931.
The "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." is the non-abbreviated name of A.S. Roma.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso.
Seattle is the largest city in King County, in Washington.
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine.
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 10,000 undergraduate students.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain.
Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders of South Africa.
The comic book character Amazing-Man's alter ego is John Aman.
The euro is the currency in Spain.
William Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976.
The AZAL Arena is in Shuvalan.
The Acura TLX has a front-wheel drive.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a member of Al Talaba SC.
Whiskey Rebellion was one battle fought in the US.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Turkmenistan.
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport.
John N Dempsey was preceded by Abraham A Ribicoff.
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels.
Alan Bean received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955.
Alpharetta, Georgia has a population density of 992.6 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Neptun Werft built the A-Rosa Luna.
One of the leaders in Brazil has the title of President of the Supreme Federal Court.
German is a language spoken in Denmark.
The area codes for Albany, Oregon are 541 and 458.
Akeem Ayers was born in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Khalid Mahmood (British politician) is one of the leaders of Birmingham.
Ace Wilder’s musical background is as a solo singer.
Digify, Inc. is a subsidiary of GMA New Media.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 3500.0.
The third runway length of Andrews County Airport is 2,939 feet.
AS Roma has 70634 members.
Alison O'Donnell was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records.
1.FC Magdeburg has 27250 members.
The comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas.
The bed count of Ampara Hospital is 476.
The United Kingdom's currency is Pound sterling.
The Alhambra was 63800.0 millimetres long.
William Anders joined NASA in 1963.
Akron Summit Assault play in the 2011 PDL season.
Abilene is the largest city in Taylor County, Texas.
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Justicialist Party.
Amarillo Texas is elevated 1099.0 above sea level.
Dick Dillin is from the United States.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Alabama is located within the United States.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Al Khor Sports Club plays in the Qatar Stars League.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle.
Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the politician Christopher Taylor.
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh.
GMA New Media produces mobile applications.
The area code for Alexandria, Indiana is 765.
Ab Klink worked at the Senate (Netherlands).
The Atlas II is 3.04 m in diameter.
Marv Wolfman won the Inkpot Award.
Peter Stöger was at the club SK Rapid Wien.
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
William Anders' time in space has been 8820.0 minutes.
Alan Shepard was chosen by NASA in 1959.
The County Seat for Travis County is in Austin, Texas.
The discoverer of (66063) 1998 RO1 is Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research.
The runway at Antwerp International Airport is 1510 meters.
Adonis Georgiadis worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece.
People in Uruguay are known as Uruguayans.
The largest city in Ireland is Dublin.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3.
The Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3990.0.
Adare Manor is located in Adare.
The periapsis of (15788) 1993 SB is 3997100000000.0.
The area of Alpharetta, Georgia is 55.4 square kilometres.
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District.
The founding date of Trane is 1913-01-01.
A.T. Charlie Johnson is from the United States.
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir.
The ship Aidastella was laid down on 2008-12-17.
Ab Klink worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands.
734 is the area code for Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia.
Al-Wakrah Sport Club position is in the Qatar Stars League.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain.
Akeem Dent's debut team was the Atlanta Falcons.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0.
Beef kway teow is a dish in Indonesia.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was the Governor of Connecticut.
The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Texan.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) runway name is 07/25.
The comic character, Ballistic, has the alternative name, Kelvin Mao.
A.F.C. Blackpool play in season 2014.
There are a total of 12 floors in 250 Delaware Avenue.
10 Hygiea has a periapsis of 416136000000.0.
Agustin Barboza has a background in solo singing.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic.
Akeem Dent is a player number 50.
The title of the leader of Romania is "Prime Minister".
Walter Baade, was the one to discover, 1036 Ganymed.
Trane produces HVAC products.
William Anders is an American.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is also known as the "Alfa Romeo 168".
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has the nickname "Lucky Ajax".
The population density of Brazil is 23.8.
Alex Day is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell.
AD Isidro Metapan has 10000 members.
Annie Dunne was followed by A Long, Long Way.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C.
The league Vfl Wolfsburg play in is Bundesliga.
The height of 3Arena is 28.0 metres.
Singapore dollar is the currency in Singapore.
The company Ducati is owned by Audi.
Flanders is the jurisdiction of the Flemish Government.
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under-19 football team.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church.
4000ft is the runway length at Angola International Airport.
Hypermarcas is a type of S.A (corporation).
Akeem Priestley plays for Orange County Blues FC.
Abraham A Ribicoff is from the United States.
Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has a temperature of 43.0 kelvins.
Aaron Hunt belongs to the youth club SV Werder Bremen.
Larry Maguire is the leader in Brandon, Manitoba.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States.
The alternative name of the Alfa Romeo 164 is the Alfa Romeo 168.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States.
The country of Ayam penyet is Java.
Alpena County Regional Airport's runway length is 2744.0.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for the Russia national under-21 football team.
Alex Day's place of birth was the London Borough of Havering.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat Co.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 597.0.
The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester.
1001 Gaussia has a mean temperature of 154.0 kelvins.
Stuart Parker's football club was Stockport County F.C.
Beef is an ingredient in batchoy.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Brazil has a total area of 8514837.14 (square kilometers).
John Aman, is the alternative name for the comic character, Amazing-Man.
Abilene Regional Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KABI.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana.
(15788) 1993 SB was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons.
The total population of Anaheim California is 336265.
Asherton, Texas is part of the United States.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg.
The Jacksonville Dolphins baseball field is John Sessions Stadium.
Aleksandra Kovač's place of birth was the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Michele Marcolini played youth football for Torino FC.
Aaron Hunt's club is Goslarer SC 08.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an OCLC number of 1480153.
Agnes Kant worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 2.5 litre engine.
The Alhambra has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type.
The 1955 Dodge has a wheelbase of 120 inches.
DeKalb County, Georgia is in the United States.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was succeeded by the Rover Company.
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms.
AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, CT.
Buzz Aldrin's retirement date is "1971-07-01".
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor.
Alfred Garth Jones sadly died circa 1944.
Robert A.M. Stern is the architect for Alan B. Miller Hall.
103 Hera was discovered on 7 September 1868.
Jazz has its stylistic origins in folk music.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005.
Mike Mularkey is the coach of the Tennessee Titans.
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Fiction.
Ace Wilder's occupation is a singer.
Abilene is part of Texas.
Akeem Priestley is a player for the Harbour View F.C.
Uruguayan peso is the currency in Uruguay.
Paraguay is where the Spanish language is spoken.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is a United States national.
The singer Andra was born in 1986.
Atlanta covers an area of 344.9 (square kilometres).
Attica is part of the state of Indiana.
The runway length of Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is 3,453.
A.C. Milan play in Serie A.
The height of Alex Tyus is 2.032.
Albany, Georgia has a total area of 144.7 SqKm.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre.
The Acura TLX has a 2.4 litre engine.
The founder of Springer Science and Business Media is Julius Springer.
Aleksandre Guruli is 178.0 cm tall.
The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0-439-17685-9.
Buzz Aldrin was awarded with Legion of Merit ribbon.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham.
The total area of Alpharetta, Georgia is 55.4 SqKm.
The Engine of an Alfa Romeo 164 is 2.5 litres.
The rotation period of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 9953.28.
Monroe Township, Madison County is in Indiana.
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol.
Dane Whitman, a.k.a. Black Knight, was created by John Buscema in the comics genre.
Synthpop is derived from house music.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia.
The christening date of AIDAluna is the 4th April 2004.
The population density, of Akron (Ohio), is 1239.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The Russian language is spoken in Russia.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 4019.0.
A.C. Chievo Verona played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
Aaron Bertram's musical genre is Ska punk.
The Alvis Speed 25 has an impressive transmission coined as "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle".
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Tractor Sazi FC.
The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt.
Rona Fairhead was a key person at the BBC.
President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader.
The Mayor leads Antioch, California.
The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party (Spain).
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow.
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has a mass of 1.1kg.
Chinese Filipino people are from the Philippines.
The Atlas II launch site was the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
American Motors was acquired by Chrysler.
Ab Klink's alma mater was Leiden University.
The Technical Institute, Kaduna is the alma mater of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The Ganges is a river in India.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907-07-11.
Bhajji comes from the country India.
The book titled 1634: The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover.
Palo Seco is the ground for United Petrotrin F.C.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
Alpena County Regional Airport city served Alpena, Michigan.
Alfons Gorbach was in office while Adolf Scharf was President.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988.
The builder of the A-Rosa Luna is Neptun Werft.
In 2014-15 season, 1 FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga.
Poland has an ethnic group called Kashubians.
The former name of the asteroid (66063) 1998 RO1 was 1999 SN5.
Allen Forrest is also known by Matchstik, Match, Allan, Forrester, Alan, Foster, Forest Matchstick, Matchstix and Allen Forrest.
Romania's leader is called the Prime Minister of Romania.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band, Galactic.
Doug Moench has won an Eagle Award.
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia.
Alan Bean retired in June, 1981.
The OCLC number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages.
101 Helena has a periapsis of 331683000.0 kilometres.
The CODEN code for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is "AMAHE9".
The United States Army was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam.
Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party (Brazil).
Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region.
Alison O'Donnell is signed to Kissing Spell Records.
Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales.
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18.29km/s.
Dušan Ivković is the coach of Anadolu Efes S.K.
Barny Cakes have 18.0g of carbohydrates.
The type of government in the United States is federalism.
Harvard University is A.T. Charlie Johnson's almaMater.
Abraham A. Ribicoff is a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S.A.
Jens Hartel club is Berliner AK 07.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2194.0.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport.
Abel Caballero was the Minister of Transport.
Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland.
The epoch of 103 Hera is on the 31st of July 2016.
The length of the AIDAluna is 252000.0 millimetres.
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai.
Adenan Satem was in office during the time Abdul Taib Mahmud was Vice President.
Adisham Hall is in the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".
Akeem Dent's position is a linebacker.
A main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken.
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink.
Aaron S. Daggett battled in the Battle of Cold Harbour.
Alex Day was born in the U.K.
Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on information Systems.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per secs.
Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy.
The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006.
Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operating organization is Schiphol Group.
The Turkish leader's name is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Irish is one of the official language in the Republic of Ireland.
Chicago's leader is called Rahm Emanuel.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Aenir has the ISBN number of "0-439-17684-0".
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911.
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933.
The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright.
New York is the base of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Agustín Barboza was born on the 5th May 1913.
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Mumbai is India's largest city.
The Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
Jack Kirby was an American.
Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce.
Hamburger SV is a member of the Bundesliga.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse is Ruth Ribicoff.
Harcourt is the publisher of A Wizard of Mars.
The density of 29075 1950 DA is 3.5 kilograms.
Accrington Stanley F.C. played in Accrington.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece.
"1999 SN5" was the former name of (66063) 1998 RO1.
The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County, Texas.
The engine volume of Aston MArtin V8 is 5.3 litres.
A.C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A.
A.S. Roma has 70634 members.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744.0.
Amarillo is the county seat of Potter County which is in Texas.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3,990.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England.
Abilene Regional Airport has the runway name 17L/35R.
The runway length of Amsterdam airport Schiphol is 3300.0.
The floor area of 300 North LaSalle is 120770.0 square metres.
The Adirondack Regional Airport location identifier is SLK.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18C/36C Zwanenburgbaan.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain.
The key person for BBC is Rona Fairhead.
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia.
The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force.
Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa.
A Severed Wasp was published in hardback.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930.
The footballer Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team.
Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg.
The leader of the United Kingdom is David Cameron.
Antioch California has the postal codes 94509 and 94531.
The University of Texas, Austin, is affiliated with the University of Texas System.
The Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover.
Chris Patten served as a representative of British Hong Kong.
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0.
Austin, Texas has a land area of 686 square kilometres.
Levan Khomeriki is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi.
The alternative name for The Arrow (comics character) is "Rick Parker".
3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement.
The book "A Fortress of Grey Ice" was published by Tor Books.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England.
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway named 12R/30L.
GMA Network is a company and its key person is Felipe Gozon.
Alex Day's genre is Acoustic music.
A key person at the BBC is Baron Hall of Birkenhead, Tony Hall.
Baked Alaska is a dish found in the U.S.
The Delta II launch site was at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The Honda J. engine is made by Honda.
Alpena, Michigan is in the U.S.
Birmingham Council is led by the Labour Party (UK).
The wheelbase of a 1955 Dodge is 120 inches.
William Anders retired on September 1, 1969.
The Gruppo Bertone is located in Turin.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of the local government.
Dan Quinn, an American football coach, coaches the Atlanta Falcons.
The SEAT Ibiza and the Audi A1 are similar means of transport.
Attica, Indiana has a total area of 4.14 sq km.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 1928.
Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana is located within the United States.
Afonso Pena International Airport runway length is 2215.0.
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine.
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Andra sings for a living.
The former name of 1000 Piazzia is "1923 NZ1951 OB".
The Ariane 5 was made by ESA and Arianespace.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is situated in the city of Aarhus.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Zamba music.
The runway at Angola International airport is 3800 long.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is an exponent of Taquirari.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso.
Funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues.
Adam McQuaid's weight is 94.8024 kilograms.
Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman.
Dave Challinor plays for A.F.C. Fylde.
Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska.
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family.
The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres high.
French is one of the languages spoken in Belgium.
The former name of 1089 Tama is "A919 HA; 1927 WB;".
The Latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is "Universitas Apulensis".
Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Abner W Sibal's date of birth is 11 - 04 - 1921.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States.
The currency of the United Kingdom is the Pound sterling.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg.
Orange County, is part of the greater Los Angeles area, in California.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority Headquarters is the Jinnah International Airport.
The total area of the United States is 9833516.63 in square kilometres.
1000 Piazzia has the mass of 1.1 kilograms.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France.
Akeem Adams played football for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 team.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra.
The 1955 Dodge has a sedan style body.
The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made from asphalt.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport, Schiphol is 3400.0.
Albert B White died on the 3rd July 1941.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in the architectural style of Romanesque Revival architecture.
Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flanders.
The municipal leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is known as the Mayor.
The rotation period for 1089 Tama is 17.28.
The area codes in Albuquerque, New Mexico are 505 and 575.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is ATISET.
Electropop has its origins in Disco.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league, EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre.
The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League are Qarabag FK.
Albany is a city in Dougherty County, Georgia.
The density of 101 Helena is 2.0 gram per cubic cm.
Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport.
AFC Fylde played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's alma mater was the Technical Institute Kaduna.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 04/22 Oostbaan.
The language of Argentina is Spanish.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
The discoverer of (15788) 1993 SB is Donal O'Ceallaigh.
Abner is a footballer with the Real Madrid Castilla club.
The novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture.
The currency of France is the Euro.
The builder of the ALCO RS-3 is the American Locomotive Company.
Mike Akhigbe was in the Nigerian Navy.
Austin, Texas is in the United States.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New York region.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Aaron Turner plays drone music.
Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece.
A.S. Livorno Calcio played in the 2014 season.
Adisham Hall is located on St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Walter Baade is a German national.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is 597.0.
Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B.S.
The rotation period of 103 Hera is 85466.9.
English is spoken in Texas.
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015-06-27.
A Fortress of Grey Ice's ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
Montreal Canadiens have won the National Hockey League the most times.
Ska punk music origins are punk rock.
Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kong.
Aaron Boogaard was born in August 11th 1986.
Antioch, California has a UTC offset of - 7.
Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F.C. club.
The Audi A1 is a related vehicle to the VW Polo.
Rome is the Birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
The Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville, Ohio.
The maiden flight of Ariane 5 was on the 11th December 2002.
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession.
Ace Wilder was born in 1982.
Alfred Moore Scales came from the U.S.
The Appleton International Airport's location id is "ATW".
Alison O'Donnell's recording label is Stanyan Records.
Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.
Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham.
One of the ingredients of Batchoy is Pork.
John Buscema was awarded an award by the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was in office at the same time as John F. Kennedy was president.
New Jersey is in the United States.
The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10L/28R.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci.
Dave Challinor is a player at the A.F.C. Fylde .
The elevation above the sea level in Albany, Georgia, is 62.0.
The colour of New Democracy in Greece is blue.
British people inhabit the UK.
1089 Tama has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The home of the Hamilton Academical F.C. is Hamilton, South Lanarkshire.
Andra makes a living as a singer and a reality television judge.
"Maka-Diyos, Maka-Tao, Makakalikasan at Makabansa" is a motto of the Philippines.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a periapsis of 296521000.0 (kilometres).
GMA New Media's subsidiary is Philippine Entertainment Portal.
Spain is the birthplace of Abel Caballero.
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Polydor Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell.
Folk music is the genre of Alison O'Donnell.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, N.J.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana.
Anders Osborne started performing in 1989.
Aaron Turner plays electroacoustic music.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez club is Alianza F.C.
The ethnic group of Ireland is White people.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York.
Buffalo New York is part of New York.
Alan Bean is now retired.
Joe Vitt is a coach of the St. Louis Rams.
(29075) 1950 DA has a density of 3.5 kgs.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Abel Hernández was born in Uruguay.
Abel Hernandez's birthplace is Pando, Uruguay.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco.
Henry Clay was leader of the Whig Party of the United States.
(29075) 1950 DA has a density of 3.5 kilograms.
Abner (a footballer) was born in Londrina.
Alan Martin is a footballer for Ayr United FC.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company is located in Coventry.
Attica, Indiana is part of the U.S.
Viking Press is in the United States.
(15788) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000.0.
The literary genre of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is fantasy literature.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The leader of Akron, Ohio is Dan Horrigan.
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
A commander in World War II was Chiang Kai-shek.
Auburn, Alabama has a population density of 368.65 inhabitants per sq km.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level.
The temperature of 101 Helena is 173 kelvins.
The President is the leader title of the Philippines.
Albennie Jones was born in the U.S.A.
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Tor Books.
A commander in World War II was Benito Mussolini.
The league Pallacanestro Cantù play in is Lega Basket Serie A.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
250 Delaware Avenue possesses a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
The Antares Rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club.
The Royal Artillery has a garrison at Hohne.
The Delta II was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia.
Luciano Spalletti plays for A.S. Roma.
Peter Stoger plays for the Austria national football team.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933.
The Battle of Salem Church was one of the military conflicts in the American Civil War.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a member of C.D. Aguila.
BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana is located in the U.S.
The book American Journal of Mathematics has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
California have fossils of the Smilodon.
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres.
Gerd von Rundstedt was a commander in the Battle of France.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas.
Alan Shepard died 1998-07-21.
A.C. Chievo Verona is in the league, Serie A.
The coden code for AIP Advances is AAIDBI.
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea, has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist.
The A-Rosa Luna ship was ordered on January 22, 2004.
1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155.0 kelvins.
GMA New Media is in the mass media industry.
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinlein.
A commander in World War II was Joseph Stalin.
Buzz Aldrin was born as Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in 1972.
A.C. Chievo Verona played in the 2014 season.
The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK.
Alex Day became active in music in 2006.
The inauguration date of the Alan B. Miller Hall was 2nd October, 2009.
The AIDAstella's top speed is 38.892 km/h.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda Accord.
Richard A. Teague is the designer of the AMC Matador.
The Dodge 1955 is a related mean of transportation to the Plymouth Plaza.
The tomato is of the order Solanales.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician.
The orbital period for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 1513.722 days.
Adam Koc was born in Suwałki.
Alan B. Miller Hall is situated in Virginia.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character, Bolt.
Central Español play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league.
Albennie Jones plays blues music.
Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana is in the U.S.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the nickname Uab.
The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
The AIDAstella has a top speed of 38.892.
Smilodon is a fossil from California.
Agustin Barboza was born on March 5, 1913.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Wellington.
Aaron Hunt's club is VfL Wolfsburg.
Adam McQuaid weighs 94.8024kg.
The third runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 7,202 feet long.
Jens Hartel is a member of the 1 FC Magdeburgs.
The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol.
The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN.
Atlanta has the area code of 404.
Buzz Aldrin retired on the 1st of July 1971.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments is located in the state of Maryland.
Al Wakrah Sport Club play in the Qatar Stars league.
Abel Caballero works as the Mayor of Vigo.
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia.
Abraham A. Ribicoff died in the United States.
Hypermarcas is an S.A. company.
Paulo Sousa plays for the Portugal national football team.
Spanish language is spoken in Uruguay.
Federalism is the type of government in the United States.
Alderney's leader name is Elizabeth II.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
Antwerp International Airport operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works.
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a Full-size car.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit.
San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas.
Adonis Georgiadis's Alma mater is the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Abradab is an artist for the band Kaliber 44.
Trane manufactures HVAC.
Adam Holloway won 9312 votes.
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce.
Jens Härtel is in the 1. FC Magdeburg club.
The official language of Argentina is Spanish.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense nickname is Asa Gigante.
15788 1993 SB has an orbital period of 7729430000.
Andra is a singer of Dance-pop music.
The birthplace of Aleksandra Kovac is Belgrade.
The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada.
The 3Arena hosts concerts and events.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar.
The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6.
The leader of the United States was Barack Obama.
The guitar is an instrument used in Indie rock.
The United States Army fought in the Korean War.
The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are: Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000.0 kilometres.
Austin is part of Travis County, in Texas.
Binignit is a dessert.
The 1955 Dodge has a station wagon style body.
GMA New Media is in the entertainment industry.
Dan Quinn is the coach of the American football team the Atlanta Falcons.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument's founding date was on 1907-07-11.
94509 and 94531 are postal codes for Antioch, CA.
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat.
Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football Team.
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales was active during the Peninsula Campaign.
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000.
The AMC Matador has the alternative name the VAM Classic.
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded By Wolf Solent.
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force.
Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has the runway name 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan'.
Anaheim, California is situated at 48.0 above sea level.
Chinabank employs 5,594 employees.
Stanford University is the alma mater for A.T. Charlie Johnson.
Stan Lee created the comic character Balder.
The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179.0 (kelvins).
The politician, Daniel Martinez, is Montevideo's leader.
Alessio Romagnoli used to play for the Italy national under-19 football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the year 1948.
Andra is a singer associated with Andreea Balan.
Black pudding is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
The leader for Albuquerque in New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
Above the Veil is followed by Into Battle.
The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS.
Attica is part of Indiana.
Randall County is located in Texas, United States.
Frank de Boer is in the Ajax Youth Academy.
The Apollo 8 commander was Frank Borman.
Dead Man's Plack is made from stone.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 kilometres per second.
The periapsis of 11264 Claudiomaccone is at 296521000.0 kilometres.
A bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The former name of 1089 Tama is "1930 ST; 1952 HE4".
The Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow.
The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman.
January 2014 is the building start date of 250 Delaware Avenue.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Mexico City.
Olusegun Obasanjo's predecessor was Abdulsalami Abubakar.
In 1959, Alan Shepard was selected by NASA.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available as an E-Book.
Siniša Mihajlović is manager of A.C. Milan.
Sycamore is in the Dekalb County of Illinois region.
Binignit should be served as the dessert course.
Anders Osborne has collaborated with Kirk Joseph.
Hong Kong or New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is found.
The Emperor of Japan is Akihito.
1793-10-23 was Alvah Sabin's birthdate.
The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament.
The American submarine NR-1 is 45000.0 (millimetres) long.
Tennis is one of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an ISSN number of 0002-9327.
Adam Koc has won the Legion of Honour award.
The " Government of Addis Ababa" are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall.
Cookie is a type of dessert.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Greene, Maine.
Monroe Township is in Madison County which is a part of Indiana.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong.
Len Wein collected an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover.
1967 ED was the former name of 1000 Piazzia.
The American Journal of Math EISSN number is 1080.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the U.S.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Faversham was the birthplace of Adam Holloway.
Alan Bean retired in June of 1981.
Curitiba is part of the state of Parana.
Rolando Maran used to be at Varese Calcio S.S.D.
Ernie Colon is a Puerto Rican national.
AFC Ajax played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
New Douglas Park is the home of Hamilton Academical F.C.
Strawberries can be added to barny cakes.
The leader of the Philippines is Pantaleon Alvarez.
Aleksandr Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team.
The former name of 1101 Clematis is "1928 SJ".
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst.
Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea level.
Aarhus has to its northeast Mols.
The currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira.
A.S. Roma's chairman is James Pallotta.
(410777) 2009 FD has a maximum temperature of 362.0 kelvins.
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music.
The Grenadier Guards fought in the Battle of Waterloo.
The Dead Man's Plack is made with rock.
The California State Assembly is part of the California State Legislature.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number of "1588-2632".
The Senator representing California was Dianne Feinstein.
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science and Business Media.
Bob McNair is the owner of the Houston Texans.
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.
The area of Austin, Texas is 703.95 (square kilometres).
The largest city in India is Mumbai.
Aaron Deer plays the keyboard.
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ.
Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza, a football club.
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0.0455 kilometres per second.
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to Argentina on October 15, 1968.
The people of Texas are known as Texans.
The AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres in length.
Aleksandr Prudnikov currently plays for FC Amkar Perm.
The 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building.
One of the noted United States Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada.
Alfred N. Phillips worked at the United States House of Representatives.
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19.94 kilometres per second.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second.
Akeem Priestley plays for Dayton Dutch Lions.
George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man.
The United States Army took part in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion.
Cleveland is in the United States.
Cleveland is located within Ohio.
Barny cakes were invented in 1999.
Irish is the official language of the Republic of Ireland.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Al Kharaitiyat is located in Al Khor.
"Mayor" is the title of the leader in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Abradab played with the band Kaliber 44.
A.D. Isidro Metapán are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is a leader in the Punjab, Pakistan.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of White Oak Swamp.
Annibale de Gasparis discovered 10 Hygiea.
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat.
The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice is J.V. Jones.
The average speed of 110 Lydia is 17.99 km/sec.
Tappara is the former team of Aleksander Barkov, Jr.
The top speed pf the A-Rosa Luna is 24.0.
Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The Antares rocket made its first flight on October 28, 2014.
Abraham A. Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine capable of producing 31.48 tax horsepower.
The trainer aircraft for the Nigerian Air Force is the Aermacchi MB-339.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Haarlemmermeer.
The Antares rockets maiden flight was on the 09th January 2014.
Ahora Madrid is the leading party of Madrid.
Appleton, Wisconsin, is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
The Jacksonville Dolphins are based at the John Sessions Stadium.
Aurakles was created by Len Wein.
Abner's current football club is Real Madrid Castilla.
Akeem Priestley played for Sheikh Russel KC.
The Angola International Airport is 4000 length.
Laura Boldrini is a key leader in Italy.
A-Rosa Luna is classed as a Cruise ship.
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia.
The language spoken in Texas is English.
Alfred Moore Scales battled in the American Civil War.
The comic character, Auron, was created by Walt Simonson.
Pork is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon.
Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in London.
John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands national football team.
The Alfa Romeo 164's assembly line is in Italy.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons.
Aleksandr Chumakov passed away in Moscow.
The Navajo language is spoken in New Mexico.
The AMC Matador has a AMC V8 engine.
The asteroid 107 Camilla was discovered on the 01st March 2001.
Abilene (Texas) has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres.
Sami languages are one of the spoken languages in Finland.
Aermacchi MB-339 is a trainer Aircraft used by the Nigerian Air -Force.
Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader of Germany.
Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Country music originated from blues music.
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar.
The American Submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m.
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron, Ohio.
The location identifier for Al-Taqaddum air base is MAT.
108 St. Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39500.0 square metres.
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from.
The United States covers a total area of 9833516.63 (square kilometres).
Agra Airport's runway length is 2743.0.
18R/36L is the runway name of the Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana.
Finland is the builder of the icebreaker called the Aleksey Chirikov.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
Abilene Regional Airport runway name is 17L/35R.
Bionico is a dessert.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Carmine Infantino.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office whilst Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Madison County, Indiana, is located in the United States.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
Indie Rock originated from garage rock music.
ATISET is the CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The Al Wakrah Sport Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alpharetta, Georgia has area codes 770, 404, and 678.
The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW.
Madrid is part of the community of Madrid.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3300.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th, 1907.
The final flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2003-09-27.
Buzz Aldrin date of retirement was 1971/07/01.
The creator of Blockbuster (comics character) is Gardner Fox.
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Perón was president.
Andra is a singer associated with the singer Puya.
Alan Bean spend a total of 100305 minutes in space.
(29075) 1950 DA has a rotation period of 7637.76.
Alan Bean has retired.
Potter County is in Texas, in the United States.
Bozo the Iron Man was created by George Brenner.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti.
Alex Tyus played basketball for the Florida Gators at College.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is Turkey's leader.
Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Buxton.
Aleksandr Prudnikov belongs to the Russia National Football B Team.
1099 Figneria travels at an average speed of 16.37 kilometres per second.
Akeem Priestley played for the club Sheikh Russel KC.
The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969.
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League.
Albert Jennings Fountain's date of death was 1896-02-01.
The total area for Anaheim California is 131.6 square kilometres.
The name of the leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak.
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force.
The musician, Andrew White's record label is Fiction.
Akeem Ayers has been active since 2011.
Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 1510.0.
Alpharetta, is part of Fulton County, in Georgia.
Alan B. Miller Hall was inaugurated on 2009-10-02.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011.
Aaron Boogaard played for the club Wichita Thunder.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1980-04-23".
Allan Shivers worked as the Governor of Texas.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie is an American.
Philippine Entertainment Portal, Inc is a subsidiary of GMA New Media.
The escape velocity of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 0.
Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004.
Alfred N Phillips worked at the United States House of Representatives.
The orbital period of 1099 Figneria is 179942000.0.
Fylde played in the National League North league.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan.
Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales.
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Aaron Hunt played for the Germany national youth football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov's club is the Soviet Union national football team.
Abel Caballero was Mayor of Vigo.
Lemon is from the genus citrus.
The start date for building Addis Ababa City Hall was 1961.
The leader of India is Narendra Modi.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol.
The comic character Balder was created by Stan Lee.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is Al Shorta SC.
The Guiana Space Centre is in Kourou, French Guiana.
Dallas is a county in Texas.
Peter Stoger is attached to the club First Vienna FC.
1097 Vicia has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
The ground of Hamilton Academical F.C. is located in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire.
Almonds are from the order Rosids.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Harcourt.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is the title of the leader of Switzerland.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia.
The "President" is the chairman title of the Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 kelvins.
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music.
One ethnic group in the United States is African-American.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print.
The A-Rosa Luna is classed as a cruise ship.
Alpharetta, Georgia has an area of water 1.0 sq km.
Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Guadalajara is in the country of Mexico.
Abilene is the largest city, in Taylor County, Texas.
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor.
Akeem Dent was born in 1987.
Aleksander Barkov Jr's weight is 96.1632 kg.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam.
Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio.
Buzz Aldrin retired on the 7th of January 1971.
1089 Tama has a periapsis of 288749000000.0.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin.
The ground of AD Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán, El Salvador.
Anaheim, California has an UTC offset of -7.
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement.
The urban area of Swords Dublin is 11.35.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000000.0.
John Buscema's nationality is American.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A.
Christopher Taylor, politician, leads Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Halimah Yacob leads Singapore.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church.
AIDS journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located within the United States.
Akeem Adams died in Budapest.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a member of the El Salvador national football team.
Robert E. Lee was a commander at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick.
The Asser Levy Public Baths architectural style is that of Romanesque Revival.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds has an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al-Zawra'a SC.
200 Public Square has a floor count of 45.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by The Bodley Head.
The singer Andra and the singer Puya are associated with each other.
Athens is located in the country of Greece.
Abel Caballero is from Spain.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana.
The total area of Albany, Georgia is 144.7 square kilometres.
The length of the ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres.
The city manager is the leader of Austin, Texas.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 2014.0.
The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium.
Aaron Hunt's youth club was Goslarer SC 08.
Kheria Air Force Station is the native name of Agra Airport.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer.
Distinguished Service Medal from United States Navy ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla.
Pierce County is the largest city in Tacoma, Washington.
Akeem Priestley played for club RoPS.
The United States has a Federalism government type.
Angola, in Indiana, has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Taylor County, Texas is located within the United States.
Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai.
Alderney's leader is Elizabeth II.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas.
Akeem Ayers draft pick is 39.
The revenue of Trane is $10,264,000,000.
AFC Ajax is nicknamed Lucky Ajax.
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by the author John Cowper Powys.
Alex Day is a solo singer.
(15788) 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press.
The successor to Alfred N. Phillips is Albert E. Austin.
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19.94 kilometers per second.
The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0.0112 km per sec.
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
AS Roma's manager is Luciano Spalletti.
107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Alternative rock's stylistic origin is punk rock.
Frank Borman was a member of the crew on Apollo 8.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque.
John Aman is also known as Amazing-Man in the comics genre.
Greenville, Wisconsin, is part of Ellington, Wisconsin.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A.
An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is garlic.
The Acura TLX is classed as a mid-size car.
The AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on March 22, 2009.
The official language of Iraq is Arabic.
Condensed milk is an ingredient in Bionico.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 season.
Alex Plante was born in Canada.
Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade.
Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid.
Adisham Hall is situated in Sri Lanka.
The inauguration of the Atatürk Monument was at July 27th, 1932.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the U.S.A.
Pork belly is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Albert Jennings Fountain worked as President pro tempore of the Texas Senate.
Airey Neave was in World War II.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the Republican party of the United States.
Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer.
The novel Into Battle is followed by The Violet Keystone.
Ashgabat International Airport's runway is 900 meters long.
Austin is a part of Hays County in Texas.
The founding date of GMA New Media is 01-01-2000.
Aenir is 233 pages long.
Austria-Hungary is the birthplace of Alfons Gorbach.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Serbia.
S.S. Robur Siena are champions of Serie D.
Filipina leader's name: Maria Lourdes Sereno.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire.
Agnes Ward White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music.
Mike Akhigbe belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military.
Bhajji includes the ingredient vegetables.
Aaron Boogaard was born 11/08/1986.
ALV X-1 hails from the US.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet.
Belgium's leader is Charles Michel.
Newmarket Ontario, is where Alan Frew is originally from.
One of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa is Pork belly.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New York.
Mike Akhigbe's successor was Atiku Abubakar.
One of Trane’s products is HVAC.
Arifin Zakaria is the name of the leader of Malaysia.
The 1955 Dodge is a convertible.
Christian Panucci is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Adam Koc's nationality is Poland.
Airman's alternative name is Drake Stevens.
Juan Peron served in office at the same time that Hortensio Quijano was Governor.
Jens Härtel is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
C Woods discovered 107 Camilla.
AIP Advances, ISSN number 2158-3226.
The BBC location city is London.
Allen Forrest plays acoustic music.
Budapest is the death place of Akeem Adams.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade.
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Aleksandra Kovač genre of music is Funk.
Akita Prefecture is located in Japan.
The operating income earned by AmeriGas is 380700000.
The French Language can be heard in New York.
The alternative name for AMC Matador is VAM Classic.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931.
Union Township, Madison County, Indiana is located within the United States.
Alex Day plays with the band Chameleon Circuit.
The official language of Belgium is French.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0.
One of the languages in Canada is French.
The length of the runway at Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is 4100.0.
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji.
To the northeast of Karnataka is Telangana.
Adare Manor can be found in County Limerick.
The parent company of MTU Friedrichshafen is Rolls-Royce Power Systems.
Juan Perón was in Office While Hortensio Quijano was Governor.
The leader in Austin Texas is the Mayor.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team.
1634 The Ram Rebellion is available in paperback.
17L/35R is the runway name of Abilene Regional Airport.
Liberal Democrats are leaders of Birmingham.
Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain.
The singer Andra's birth place is Câmpia Turzii.
Buzz Aldrin retired on Jul 1, 1971.
Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force.
Meyer Werft was the builder of the AIDAluna.
The Aston Martin V8 assembly is located in Newport Pagnell.
Germans of Romania is an ethnic group in Romania.
The city of Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Alan Shepard spent just over 9 days in space.
Batagor is a dish best served hot.
320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres in height.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is Kellamergh Park.
Alex Tyus played for the college Florida Gators men's basketball team.
The Navajo language, is one of the languages spoken in New Mexico.
AIDA Cruises are located in Germany.
Albennie Jones began his musical career in 1930.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications.
AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres in length.
Allen Forrest's genre of music is Rhythm and Blues.
Jack Kirby is an American.
Swords, Dublin has an urban area of 11.35 square kilometres.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was followed by Ring of Fire II.
Seattle is the largest city in King County Washington.
1973 was the start date for the building at 103 Colmore Row.
Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan.
Al Anderson of the NRBQ band was born in Windsor, Connecticut, United States.
Batagor should be served "hot".
Addiction (Journal) has the CODEN Code ADICE5.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
Andrews, Texas is the largest city in Andrews County, Texas.
The alma mater of Adonis Georgiadis was the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Buzz Aldrin was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon.
Kashubians are an ethnic group of Poland.
18C/36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens.
Anaheim, California is located within the United States.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne.
The largest city in Andrews County, Texas is Andrews.
Almond is part of the Rosaceae family.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness.
Aaron Bertram was born on April 3, 1981.
The elevation above the sea level (in metres) of Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0.
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
The American submarine NR-1 is 45000.0 millimetres long.
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn.
Blackpool is led by Gordon Marsden.
A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.
The SEAT Ibiza and the Audi A1 are related means of transportation.
Albuquerque, N.M. has an area of land of 486.2 square kilometers.
A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno, Italy.
Abilene Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 546.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg.
The comic book character Amazing-Man was created by Bill Everett.
The currency of The Netherlands is the Euro.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
Above the Veil is the sequel to Into Battle.
Agnes Kant worked as the Parliamentary group leader.
The abbreviation "ACM Trans. Inf. Syst." is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the Soviet Union national football team.
The leader of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands is Khadija Arib.
T.S. Thakur is the leader of India.
AI Anderson from the band NRBQ plays the guitar.
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Jacksonville Dolphins play at the John Sessions Stadium.
Robert E Lee was the commander in the Battle of Cold Harbor.
AZ Alkmaar play their home games at the AFAS Stadion.
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club.
The comic character, Balder's alternative name, is Balder Odinson.
Alex Tyus plays for the Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
The apoapsis for (15788) 1993 SB is 7715100000.0 (kilometres).
Punjab, Pakistan is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Ab Klink's alma mater is Leiden University.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3,800.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April of 2014.
Adam Koc fought in WWI.
AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan.
Agnes Kant's country is the Netherlands.
The average speed of 1099 Figneria is 16.37 km per sec.
Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
11 Diagonal Street has a floor area of 1200 square metres.
The general manager of Minnesota Wild is Chuck Fletcher.
Ground beef is one ingredient in Bakso.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley.
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Tom Lyle.
Neptun Werft is in Germany.
200 Public Square is 111484 square metres.
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen was 3XN.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta Georgia.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
John Cowper Powys died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Annie Dunne preceded A Long Long Way.
Avocado is under the order of laurales.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
The percentage of the United States covered by water is 6.97%.
John Sanchez is the Senate leader of New Mexico.
Alan Shepard died on 1998-07-21.
Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 are related forms of transportation.
The foundation place of Trane is La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The BBC is located in London.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece.
One of the ethnic groups in Romania are the Germans of Romania.
Abel Hernández has played for Central Español.
Philippine Entertainment Portal's parent company is Summit Media.
Anders Osborne earns a living as a singer.
Jens Hartel plays for 1. FC Magdeburg.
The creator of Airman (comics character) is Harry Sahle.
Airey Neave ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Alexandria, in Indiana, has a total area of 6,81 square kilometres.
Aaron Hunt was born in Goslar.
The area of water in Alpharetta, Georgia, is 1.0 (square kilometres).
The clarinet is a musical instrument used in jazz.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California.
Auburn Alabama has an elevation above sea level of 214.
The final flight of Atlas II took place on the 5th December 2002.
Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York City.
Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji.
Aleksandr Chumakov's club was FC Torpedo Moscow.
Christian Burns performs house music.
Quezon City is one of the cities of the Philippines.
Alan Bean was hired by NASA in 1963.
John Geering is the creator of Bananaman.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by Simon & Schuster.
Bionico is served at the dessert course.
Condensed milk is used in bionico.
1634: The Ram Rebellion can be found as an E book.
The comic strip character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines.
The Audi A1 has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The orbital period of 1036 Ganymed is 374976 seconds.
The length of the runway at Agra Airport is 1818.0.
Aurakles alternative name is also Aurakles.
Adare is part of Munster.
Fried egg is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon.
One of the leaders of the United States is named Paul Ryan.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
The A-Rosa Luna was built in Rostock.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the builder of the American submarine NR-1.
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro.
William M. O. Dawson is a member of the Republican Party of the United States.
Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. was the successor of Allan Shivers.
The capital of the Philippines is Manila.
The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg.
Juan Carlos I of Spain preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Adenan Satem was in office at the same time as Abdul Taib Mahmud was President.
Tim Brooke-Taylor's birth place is the United Kingdom.
GMA Network is a company located in the city of Diliman.
The American submarine NR-1 has a beam of 3.8 metres.
Andrew Rayel's musical genre is Trance.
101 Helena was discovered on August 15th 1868.
Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
James Craig Watson is a Canadian national.
Ring of Fire II was preceded by 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
Alison O'Donnell was once signed to Deram Records.
Alex Day was born in Hornchurch.
The manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge is Dodge.
Adam Koc was awarded the Legion of Honour.
The chair of the Democratic Party in the United States is Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
President of the Supreme Federal Court is one of the leaders in Brazil.
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 Kilometers.
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe González was Prime Minister.
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington.
The Federal Assembly legislates in Switzerland.
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has an absolute magnitude of 9.7.
Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
Akron is in Summit County, Ohio.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region.
Airey Neave was awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
Albany is located in Dougherty County, Georgia.
Agnes Kant resides in The Netherlands.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany.
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music.
Al Anderson, member of the band NRBQ, was born in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City.
Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the Alianza F.C. club.
Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students.
The language used in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish.
John Buscema won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Steve Spagnuolo is the coach of St Louis Rams.
The Bodley Head was founded by Charles Elkin Mathews.
The operating organization for Appleton International Airport is in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes are located in London.
French is the national language of France.
Turkey's largest City is Istanbul.
The birth place of Alfons Gorbach is County of Tyrol.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction.
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has a rotation period of 11473.9.
Aaron Deer was part of the band Wee Giant.
The 1st runway at Alderney airport has an asphalt surface.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
Akita Akita is found in the country of Japan.
Rick Parker, is the alternative name for the comic character, the Arrow.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States.
Hypermarcas also sells cosmetics.
Sheldon Moldoff was an American national.
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV.
The Alan B Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars.
Bionico is a dish served for dessert.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
The A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members.
Anaheim, California elevation is 48.0 above the sea level.
20 Fenchurch Street was designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly.
The wife of Abraham A. Ribicoff is Casey Ribicoff.
The singer Andra was born in Romania.
The California State Senate is located in the California State Capitol.
The leader in Finland is Sauli Niinisto.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Yamandú Palacios.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
Washington D.C. is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun.
Hypermarcas makes cosmetic products.
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Breaz Valer Daniel.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's region is Balingian.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
The ISSN number "0001-8392" is for Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aaron Hunt's birth place is Goslar.
Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Amarillo is part of Texas.
Auburn, Alabama, has the area code, 334.
Aenir is a book that has 233 pages.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Abdul Taib Mahmud comes from the region of Balingian.
3XN was the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Stuart Parker (footballer) has represented AFC Blackpool.
The parent company of Wiley-Blackwell is John Wiley & Sons.
Scott Adsit does the voice for Baymax.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry.
200 Public Square is located in the United States.
The AMC Matador is assembled by the Australian Motor Industries.
Sheldon Moldoff won the Inkpot Award.
7/25 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument has been provided by the National Park Service.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members.
Alpena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport's 1st runway has the number 5.
One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon.
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
The diameter of the ALV X-1 is 1.524 metres.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent.
Frank de Boer played for AFC Ajax.
Alan Bean spent 100305 minutes in space.
The operating income of AmeriGas is 380700000.
Gruppo Bertone is an Italian company.
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients.
The ship A-Rosa Luna weighs 1850 tonnes.
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II.
Alison O'Donnell was with the band Bajik.
Staten Island is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone.
William Anders has a nationality that is of the United States.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is US Lesquin.
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland.
Vfl Wolfsburg play in the Bundesliga.
Philippine Entertainment Portal is a subsidiary of the Summit Media company.
Akeem Dent's club is the Houston Texans.
The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party (UK).
Trance music originated from house music.
AIP Advances editors include the following: Vincent H. Crespi, Bernard S. Gerstman, A.T. Charlie Johnson, Masaaki Tanaka, Enge G. Wang.
The United States Army was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom battle.
The AZAL arena is in Azerbaijan.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Zamba which is considered an art form.
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0.
The DeSoto Custom and the Dodge Coronet are similar means of transport.
The area codes for Atlanta are 404, 678 and 470.
Alison O'Donnell's recording label is Floating World Records.
Buzz Aldrin had 20 awards.
Indonesia's leader's name is Joko Widodo.
Luciano Spalletti is in the A.S. Roma club.
Above the Veil has the OCLC number 46451790.
King of Prussia in Pennsylvania is a census-designated place.
Jens Härtel played for Berliner AK 07.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911.
Alison O'Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band.
Lake Placid, New York is part of New York.
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit.
There are 1142.3 people per square kilometers in Albuquerque, N.M.
The key person of Dodge is Sergio Marchionne.
Trane was founded on 01-01-1913.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham.
Stuart Parker (footballer) once played for Stockport County FC.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain.
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War.
The 1955 Dodge has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
Alison O'Donnell record label is Kissing Spell Records.
Romania has many ethnic groups one of which are Germans.
Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team.
1036 Ganymed has a rotational period of 37116.0.
Bhajji originates from India.
The ground of AFC Fylde can be found in the county of Lancashire.
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania.
All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai.
Anders Osborne's record label is Rabadash Records.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A. C. Milan.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome.
Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C is based in Brazil.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in the GMA Network company.
The mass of 1000 Piazzia is 1.1 kg.
Alan Shepard's occupation was a test pilot.
The Acura TLX is mid-size class of car.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Rafael Viñoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street.
The Aids Journal ISSN number is 1473-5571.
Denmark's leader is Margrethe II of Denmark.
(15788) 1993 SB was discovered by Iwan P Williams.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California.
The Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the United States.
Austin, Texas is located within the country of the United States.
Alan Shepard retired on 1st August 1974.
The capital of Georgia is Atlanta.
The birth place of Adam Koc is Suwalki.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer.
William Anders was selected by NASA in 1963.
Dane Whitman, alter ego Black Knight, was created by John Buscema.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
Adam McQuaid weighs 94.8024 kilograms.
Austin Texas is part of Williamson County.
C.D. FAS play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
French is one of the spoken languages of Canada.
Aleksandra Kovač's musical genre is Pop.
The Aids Journal's discipline is HIV/AIDS.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Felipe González's predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis.
The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County Texas.
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas.
101 Helena's average temperature is 173.0 kelvins.
The total area of the United States is 9833516.63 (square kilometres).
A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji.
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants.
The celestial body known as 103 Hera has a temperature of 170 kelvins.
103 Hera has the escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec.
Contra Costa County in California is part of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
The SEAT Ibiza is related to the Volkswagen Polo Mk3.
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level.
The OCLC number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1480153.
109 Felicitas has 7.5 kg of mass.
101 Helena has an escape velocity of 0.0348 kilometres per second.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic ZF 4HP18Q transmission.
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for the club Tractor Sazi F.C.
The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government is the Flemish Region.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport has a runway length of 3,500.
Queen Sofia of Spain is the wife of Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Andra has a career in singing.
Abel Caballero, while in office, was the Minister of Transport.
Above the Veil followed the book Aenir.
Hypermarcas is the company founded on January 1, 2001.
The former name of the asteroid 1001 Gaussia was A911 MD.
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle.
AC Cesena are in the Serie B league.
Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is in C.D. FAS.
Atlanta is led by Atlanta City Council.
The density of 410777 2009 FD is 1890.0 kg/cubic metres.
Pennsylvania's Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County.
The population density, of Austin (Texas), is 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre.
29075 1950 DA has a mass of 4.0 kgs.
The area code of Austin (Texas), is 512.
The area code for Ann Arbor Michigan is 734.
The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Sumatra.
Massimo Drago's club was Calcio Catania.
The Adisham Hall's style of architecture is Tudor Revival.
One of the languages in Denmark is German.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street (Manhattan).
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois.
Frank Borman was a crew member on Apollo 8.
Batak is an ethnic group in Sumatra.
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz.
Angola, Indiana is in the U.S.
English is the language of Texas.
The currency of Finland is the Euro.
Manila is the capital of the Philippines.
Adam Holloway obtained 9312 votes in his election.
Roy Thomas received an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Len Wein is an Inkpot Award winner.
Buzz Aldrin was awarded the 'Legion of Merit' ribbon.
New York City is part of Manhattan.
The minor planet called 1101 Clematis has an average speed of 16.54 kilometres per second.
Volkswagen Polo and Audi A1 are related forms of transportation.
The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The 1036 Ganymed epoch is 2004-10-22.
Aaron S Daggett took part on the Battle of Cold Harbor.
Alvah Sabin was born October 23, 1793.
The Antares rocket function is a medium expendable launch system.
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transportation.
The mean temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 265.0 kelvins.
The building of 108 St. Georges Terrace was started in 1981.
The full name of ACF Fiorentia is "ACF Fiorentina S.p.A."
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan.
Alessio Romagnoli's current club is A.C. Milan.
The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema.
Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre.
Rolando Maran plays for Varese Calcio S.S.D.
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District.
There are around 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp is the Arrondissement of Antwerp.
A.S. Roma compete in Serie A.
Paulo Sousa once played for Inter Milan.
18R/36L Polderbaan is the runway name at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana is situated within the United States.
Curitiba is part of the State of Paraná.
Christian alternative rock is a music sub genre of alternative rock.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 1930-01-20.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was built by Cammell Laird.
BBC radio is one of the products of the BBC.
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria.
Massimo Drago played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio.
The birth place of Allan Shivers is Lufkin, Texas.
The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family.
The AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala.
Michele Marcolini owns Torino F.C.
Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire.
Istanbul was the birthplace of Ahmet Ertegun.
Albert B. White was born in 1856.
The Antares rockets maiden flight was on the 28th October 2014.
Aleksander Barkov Jr weighs 96.1632 kilograms.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degrees Celsius.
The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport.
Footballer Alessio Romagnoli plays as a Defender.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006.
The novel Into Battle is published by Australians.
Antwerp is admin Arrondissement of Arrondissement.
Washtenaw County, Michigan is in the United States.
The leader of Blackpool is the Conservative Party (UK).
Sauli Niinistö is the leader of Finland.
Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from.
Abner W. Sibal's successor was Marjorie Farmer.
1000 Piazzia was formerly called "1923 NZ1951 OB".
The leader party of Quezon City is the Liberal Party.
A.S. Roma was in the 2014 season.
The Smilodon fossil was found in California.
The UTC offset for Anaheim, California is -8.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr's former team is Tappara.
410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch.
The ship A-Rosa Luna's launch date was the 16th December 2004.
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselskab organisation.
The alma mater of Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
The start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue was January 2014.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in 1948.
Coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit.
Hypermarcas produces healthcare products.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is built by Cammell Laird.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in an Italian meal.
A.F.C. Fylde play in National League North.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in England.
Dead Man's Plack is found in England.
Curitiba is located in Brazil.
English is the language spoken in Michigan.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
The footballer Alan Martin played for Motherwell Football Club.
Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level.
Alfred Garth Jones is from the UK.
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Clyde FC club.
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league.
Alan Frew plays alternative rock music.
Anderson, Indiana is led by the Democratic Party of the US.
Khadija Arib is a leader in the House of Representatives.
One of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich is Lettuce.
The stylistic origin of electropop is disco.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Al-Naft club.
Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid.
The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level.
Anders Osborne is signed to the Rabadash Records label.
The comic character Amazing Man was created by Bill Everett.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is in Akron, Ohio.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was made in "Print".
Anders Osborne’s musical genre is rock music.
Andrew White is a musician signed to Polydor Records.
Birmingham is the home town of John Madin.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman.
Alpena County Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 210.
The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000.0 (kilometres).
The apoapsis for 1101 Clematis is 520906000.0 (kilometres).
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Paleobiology is the academic discipline of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica.
AmeriGas has a net income of $211,200,000.
Walter Baade was a German national.
The 1st runway at Ashgabat International airport is 12467 feet in length.
Adam Koc was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s.
Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana is within the United States.
Akeem Ayers was born in 1989.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, has a population of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
PeterStöger plays for SK Rapid Wien club.
Hypermarcas was founded on 2001-01-01.
The California State Senate is part of the California State Legislature.
In their home city, the Los Angeles Rams, play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Suburban Legends performs rock music.
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca.
Hypermarcas is a type of S.A. corporation.
Jepson Way is the grounds for A.F.C. Blackpool.
The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 k.p.s.
The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering.
03L/21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the United States republican party.
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team.
Trance music has its origins in House music.
Anaheim is in Orange County, CA.
The number of employees at Trane is 29,000.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science.
109 Felicitas has an average speed of 17.73 kilometres per second.
The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore.
1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of October 22nd 2004.
Gregory L. Fenves is the President of University of Texas at Austin.
The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington D.C.
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 (square metres).
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for C.D. FAS.
Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Wakrah Sport Club.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States.
The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was put in print.
There is a straight-six engine in the 1955 Dodge car.
The area code of Austin, Texas, is 512.
Alan Martin plays football for Barrow A.F.C.
Agnes Kant worked as a Parliamentary group leader.
1001 Gaussia has a rotation period of 33012.0.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
Peter Stöger played for the club LASK Linz.
Attica in Indiana, has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S.
The ALV X-1 diameter is 1.524 metres.
Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong.
Trance music has its stylistic origins in pop music.
Daniel Martinez is a political leader in Montevideo.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins.
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
The AIDAluna had her maiden voyage on March 22nd 2009.
Boris Johnson is the leader in London.
Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England.
The length of the 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet.
Trane's industry is building materials.
Arem-arem uses the ingredient banana leaf.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Institute of Paleobiology, Polish Academy of Sciences.
Agustin Barboza started out as a solo singer.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Poaceae is of the Poales order.
Anders Osborne's genre is rock music.
Number "50" is Akeem Dent's player number.
The leader of South Africa is called Cyril Ramaphosa.
Apollo 8 crew members included Frank Borman.
Christian Panucci is in the A.S. Roma club.
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia.
Al Asad Airbase has an elevation above the sea level (in feet) of 618.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
Felipe Gozon was born December 8, 1939.
Adam Koc was born in Congress in Poland.
The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long.
Rolando Maran plays for Carrarese Calcio.
Trane is in the building materials industry.
Joseph Stalin was a commander during the Polish–Soviet War.
Alison O'Donnell genre is Psychedelic folk.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan.
1089 Tama has a rotation period of 17.28.
The floor area of the Akita Museum of Art is 3746.66 square metres.
Rolando Maran is in the Vicenza Calcio club.
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
The label Floating World Records signed Alison O'Donnell.
Nikolai Chernykh was the discoverer of 11264 Claudiomaccone.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arianespace.
Paulo Sousa played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The musical genre of the singer Andra is dance pop.
Homer Elihu Royce was preceded by Alvah Sabin.
Texas is in the United States.
Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet war.
Hip hop music's stylistic origin is Jazz.
Sumatra has an ethnic group called the Minangkabau people.
The Antares rocket first voyage was on January 9, 2014.
Alessio Romagnoli is in the Italy national under 16's football team.
VfL Wolfsburg's manager is Dieter Hecking.
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an average speed of 16.54 k.p.s.
Juha Sipila is a leader in Finland.
Bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
Aaron Turner is an exponent of Doom metal.
Akron, Ohio is led by Dan Horrigan.
Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The leader of Japan is Akihito.
The Alhambra had a Geared steam engine Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes 140hp.
The AMC Matador has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The runway name at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 03L/21R.
Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines.
Sauli Niinisto is a leader in Finland.
New York city is located in the U.S.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico has the title of Mayor of Albuquerque.
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 k.p.s.
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Gettysburg.
107 Camilla was discovered on 1 March 2001.
The orbital Period of 1001 Gaussia is 5.75 days.
Rock music stylistics originated from folk music.
The body style of the 1955 Dodge automobile is sedan.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has 512 pages.
Quezon City is a city in the Philippines.
The population density of Attica, Indiana, is 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
The length of the runway at Andrews County Airport is 1773 metres.
Alan Shepard retired 1974-08-01.
A Long Long Way comes from Ireland.
Brazil has a population density of 23.8.
Turkmenistan Airlines utilizes the Ashgabat International Airport as its hub.
The demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people.
A.C. Cesena ground is in Cesena.
The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel.
John van den Brom plays for Jong Ajax.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry.
The creator of Auron (comics character) is Karl Kesel.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan.
The Distinguished service medal from the Navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay area, in California.
AZ Alkmaar's ground is the AFAS Stadion.
Abraham A. Ribicoff is a member of the United States Democratic Party.
The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia.
Taylor County is in Texas, in the United States.
The escape velocity of 10 Hygiea is 0.21 km per sec.
Chinabank has 295 banking centers.
In Mexico one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish.
Abner W. Sibal was born on the 11th April 1921.
Christian Panucci was attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a V6 engine.
Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon.
The 108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth.
The periapsis of 1036 Ganymed is 184434000000.
Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level.
The Andrews County Airport's 3rd runway length in ft is 2939.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas.
Rolando Maran is attached to AC Chievo Verona .
Luanda is located in Angola.
Daniel Gould Fowle attended Princeton University.
(29075) 1950 DA has a periapsis of 124950000000.0.
Ashgabat International Airport has the runway name 12R/30L.
Lemons are classified in the order sapindales.
Pallacanestro Cantu is in the Lega Basket Serie A league.
Addis Ababa Stadium is situated in Addis Ababa.
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971.
The U.S. House of Reps is located in Washington, D.C.
The area code for Auburn, Alabama is 334.
Indie rock has its stylistic origins in Garage rock.
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka.
The Labour Party leads Birmingham.
The ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone.
Rice is included in Bandeja paisa.
Gruppo Bertone is located in the city of Turin.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
English is a language spoken in Texas.
Jack Kirby's nationality is American.
The AMC Matador is assembled at Port Melbourne, Victoria.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by Tor Books.
American Journal of Mathematics ISSN number: 0002-9327.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology.
Batak is an ethnic group found in Sumatra.
Alex Tyus plays for Anadolu Efes S.K.
The musician Andrew White's record label is the (now defunct) Universal Records.
The footballer Alaa Abdul Zahra is a forward.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second.
The University of Texas at Austin competed in the Big 12 Conference.
GMA New Media was founded on 01/01/2000.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force.
A.D. Isidro Metapán has 10000 members.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) provided spare parts for the Nael Minas Geraisand but the remainder was scrapped in 2000.
GMA New Media offers applications in the entertainment industry.
Paracuellos de Jarama is in Spain.
Alan Bean is retired.
Narendra Modi is the prime minister of India.
The chairman of the A.S. Roma is James Pallotta.
Perth is located in Australia.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island.
Punjab, Pakistan's leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
Quezon City is one of the cities in the Philippines.
Parkersburg, West Virginia is in the U.S.A.
Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D.C.
The leader's title in Atlantic City (New Jersey) is Clerk, which is a municipal official.
The Nigerian Air Force used the Aermacchi MB-339 as a trainer aircraft.
Sergey Naryshkin is a key person at the company Sovcomflot.
Salem is the capital of Oregon.
The AIDAluna made its first trip on March 22, 2009.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire.
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 08/26.
Albany, Oregon is 64,008 above sea level.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
Anaheim, California is in the U.S.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Albany, Oregon has area codes 541 and 458.
The dish bhajji is related to pakora.
Mayor, is the title for the leader of Antioch, in California.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante.
Alan B. Miller Hall was inaugurated on "2009-10-02".
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York.
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan.
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0.
Abilene in Texas has a total area of 286.5 SqK.
The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar.
An ingredient of bakewell tart is shortcrust pastry.
The birth place of Tim Brooke-Taylor is United Kingdom.
The former name of 1099 Figneria is 1928 RQ.
Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label of Floating World Records.
Alan Shepard spent 13017.0 minutes in space.
Area codes for Arlington, Texas are: 682, 817, 214, 469 and 972.
Roy Thomas was an award winner at the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national.
Alex Tyus' birth date is the 8th of January 1988.
Anders Osborne performs Blues music.
Abner currently plays football for Real Madrid Castilla.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862.
The 1st runway length in feet of Adirondack Regional Airport is 6573.
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989.0 meters.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore.
Preußisch Oldendorf was the birthplace of Walter Baade.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II.
In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League.
Atlas II is 3.04m in diameter.
Trane has a net income of about $556 million.
The AIDS journal studies HIV/AIDS.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia.
Juha Sipilä is a leader in Finland.
United Petrotrin F.C. play in Palo Seco.
Alan Frew was born in 1956.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Ohio.
Albennie Jones plays the Blues.
Digify Inc is a subsidiary of GMA New Media.
The Los Angeles Rams coach is Jeff Fisher.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia.
Rolando Maran plays at the Carrarese Calcio.
The language spoken in Greece is Greek.
The country of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, is United States.
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline, HIV/AIDS.
Auburn is part of Washington (state).
The leader of Jamaica is Patrick Allen.
Texas is located in the United States.
DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom.
3/21 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport.
The AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March 2009.
Turkey's currency is the Turkish lira.
03R/21L is a runway name at Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
United States Air FOrce aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor.
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde.
Alan B. Miller Hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
103 Hera was discovered on the 7th of September 1868.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
People from South Africa can say they are from South Africa.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President.
Anaheim, California has a population of 336265.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on 1st July 1976.
Aaron Deer plays the piano.
Eberhard van der Laan is the name of the leader of Amsterdam.
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar.
The genre of Andra (singer) is pop music.
Akron is located within Summit County, Ohio.
Barny cakes contain 4.8 g of fat.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren.
AIP Advances has the ISSN number 2158-3226.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1121.0.
The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 142 Nakadori.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its west Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
Jeff Fisher is the coach for the Los Angeles Rams.
Frank Borman was a crewman aboard Apollo 8.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
Vandenberg Air Force Base is located in Lompoc, California.
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology, Polish Academy of Sciences.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 2900.0.
Baked Alaska is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy.
The A Rosa Luna is 125800.0 (millimetres) long.
The AIDAstella is currently in service.
The mayor is the leader of Antioch, California.
Akeem Dent used to play for Houston Texans.
The country Binignit comes from is the Philippines.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India.
Aleksandra Kovac became active in 1990.
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
(19255) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000000.0.
Akeem Ayers' former team was Tennessee Titans.
Steven T. Seagle is the creator of Baymax.
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014.
Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico.
(29075) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200.0.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on "1 June 2009".
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
The runway length at Ardmore airport, New Zealand is 1411.0.
The Aston Martin V8's body style is the Coupé.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist Ciro Pérez.
Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels in Belgium.
The governing body of the Eastern Province Sri Lanka is the Eastern Provincial Council.
Bakso is food found in Indonesia.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia.
Narendra Modi is the leader of India.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1,873.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska.
Osmosys Records is the recording label of Alison O'Donnell.
107 Camilla was discovered on 17 November 1868.
Aaron Turner is a singer.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy.
McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a Fighter Aircraft of the United States Air Force.
One of the Royal Artillery's garrisons was in Hohne.
The Flemish Government has jurisdiction of the Flemish region.
Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character, Asterix.
700 students are enrolled in a post-graduate program at Acharya Institute of Technology.
The governing body in London is the Greater London Authority.
M. Gaffey discovered 107 Camilla.
Alex Tyus started playing in 2011.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's region is Asajaya.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan.
The Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on 1st June 2009.
Aaron Turner is part of the drone music genre.
Amarillo Texas has a population density of 746.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Manhattan is part of New York City.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located at 346.0 above sea level.
Akeem Priestley's club is Harbour View F.C.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on the 1st July 1976.
Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in the United States.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur.
Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Verona.
Antioch, California has postal codes 94509 and 94531.
The birth place of Adam Koc was Suwalki.
The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121.92 metres.
In the Philippines, the spoken language is Philippine Spanish.
1099 Figneria has a periapsis measurement of 349206000000.0.
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
Turkey leader name is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich.
The Siege of Petersburg occurred during the American Civil War.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) provided spare parts for NaeL Minas Geraisand and the remainder was scrapped in 2000.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States.
Pallacanestro Cantú plays in the Lega Basket Serie A.
Alison O'Donnell has collaborated with the band The Owl Service.
Egg Harbor Township is located in New Jersey, in the United States.
São José dos Pinhais is part of the state of Paraná.
Lake Placid, New York is located in the United States.
Auburn, Washington has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader's title in Turkey is the President of Turkey.
The creator of Bolt (comics character) is Paris Cullins.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Minotaur V rocket.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
The population density of Akron, Ohio is 1239.3 inhabitants per square km.
Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 meters.
The bodystyle of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan.
Robert Eenhoorn owns AZ Alkmaar.
The title of the leader of the Philippines is president.
Rolando Maran plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Abel Caballero worked as Minister of Transport.
Madeleine L'Engle is influenced by George MacDonald.
The A-Rosa Luna ship was ordered on January 22nd 2004.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989.
Michel Temer was the president of Brazil.
Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, Georgia.
Al Anderson plays the guitar in the NRBQ band.
The currency in Mexico is the peso.
Hypermarcas was founded on January 1, 2001.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
English is spoken in California.
The full name of Auron (comics character) is "Lambien".
The author of Aenir is Garth Nix.
Albennie Jones played blues music.
Trane was founded on January 1, 1913.
The elevation above the sea level for Anderson, Indiana, is 268.0.
Alison O'Donnell performs folk music.
The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called "03R/21L".
Alan Shepard served as a Test pilot.
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station.
Chicago is located in the United States.
The leader in Italy is Laura Boldrini.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer.
The Ariane 5 made its maiden flight on the 11-12-2002.
Alan Frew is a solo singer.
Alan Shepard was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963.
AFC Ajax has 53502 members.
Adam Koc fought in World War I.
Alison O'Donnell is signed with Osmosys Records.
Andrew Rayel was a string instrumentalist.
Luciano Spalletti's club is A.S. Roma.
The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10R/28L.
Paulo Sousa plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
Iraq is the birth place of Alaa Abdul Zahra.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya club.
Narendra Modi is the name of the leader of India.
Abel Hernández's club is Central Español.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV.
The main ingredients in bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States.
The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R/27L.
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines.
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC.
Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency.
Aaron Deer played the Keyboard instrument.
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis.
Alfred Garth Jones was a professional Illustrator.
RoPS plays in the Veikkausliiga.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas.
A Glastonbury Romance was published by The Bodley Head.
The average speed of (66391) 1999 KW4, is 37.16 km/s.
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars.
Asam pedas is a dish that was created within Malay cuisine.
The apoapsis measurement of 1036 Ganymed is 611961000.0 (kilometres).
Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the rocket, Minotaur IV.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden.
1001 Gaussia was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's football position is Forward.
Austin, Texas covers 686.0 square kilometres of land.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club Al Shorta SC.
AZAL PFK Bakou is playing Azerbaijan PremierLeague, 2014–15.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is in Haarlemmermeer.
St Louis is part of Greater St Louis.
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico.
The A-Rosa Luna has a top speed of 24 km/h.
An alternative name for the comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm.
September 18th 2013 was the date of the final flight of the Antares rocket.
Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club.
Abel Caballero was once Mayor of Vigo.
Money in Indonesia is called the Indonesian rupiah.
The leader of Anaheim, California, is Tom Tait.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy.
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometres per second.
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 kelvins.
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas.
Aaron Turner came from the U.S.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade.
The nationality of Duncan Rouleau is American.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18R/36L Polderbaan.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region.
Aleksandra Kovac’s birth place is the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 31.48 tax horsepower engine.
J.P. McManus is the owner of Adare Manor.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the state of Maryland.
One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish.
Curitiba is part of Parana state.
Benito Mussolini was a commander in World War II.
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th, 1989.
The 1955 Dodge is a station wagon.
One of the languages used in Denmark is the German language.
The AIDAluna is currently in service.
The comic character, Airman, was created by Harry Sahle.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Al-Wakrah Sport Club.
The successor of the DeSoto Custom automobile was the DeSoto Firedome.
103 Hera has a periapsis measurement of 371240000.0 (kilometres).
The Acura TLX has an Inline-four engine.
349206000000 is the periapsis of 1099 Figneria.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature.
Central Español play in the Uruguayan Segunda División.
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania.
The asteroid called 1036 Ganymed has a periapsis of 184434000000.0.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Candombe.
One variation of Amatriciana sauce uses garlic as part of its dish.
15/33 is the runway name at Afonso Pena International airport.
Walter Baade's alma mater was the University of Gottingen.
Aaron Deer has a background as a solo singer.
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August 1868.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Democratic Party.
The currency in Greece is the euro.
The launch site of the Delta II is Vandenberg Air Force Base.
A.C. Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro/A league.
Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii.
The anthem of Romania is called Desteapta te romane.
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress.
Brooklyn is part of New York City.
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman.
Alex Tyus belongs to the club, Pallacanestro Cantu.
In Uruguay the language is Spanish.
AmeriGas's location is the city of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson.
Christian Panucci plays at the A.S. Roma.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager for A.C. Milan.
Alan Shepard's time in space is 13017 minutes.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago.
Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club.
The leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson.
The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer.
Allen Forrest has several alternative names such as Matchstik, Match, Allan, Forrester, Alan, Foster, Forest Matchstick, Matchstix, Allen Forrest.
Abraham A. Ribicoff is from the United States.
HIV is part of the family Retrovirus.
Chopped Fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 2014.0 meters.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is "1-4-2 Nakadori".
Andrews County Airport's runway length is 1773.0.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States.
The assembly line on the AMC Matador is in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson.
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin.
The final flight of Ariane 5 was 2003-09-27.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin.
The ship AIDAstella has a beam of 32.2 metres.
A severed Wasp originates from the United States.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is 1.55 metres wide.
The rotation period for 29075 1950 DA is 7637.76.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States.
A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988.
The nationality of Paris Cullins is United States.
Agnes Kant worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 1,982.
The Minotaur IV rocket is associated with the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Adirondack Regional Airport location identifier is SLK.
The manager of the Orange County Blues FC is Oliver Wyss.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is written in English.
Argentines live in Argentina.
Alcobendas is part of the community of Madrid.
The company Populous were the architects who designed the 3Arena.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded 1907-07-11.
The height of 3Arena is 28 metres.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written prior to "Ring of Fire II".
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore.
The celestial body known as 1099 Figneria has a temperature of 156 kelvins.
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Ayr United F.C.
Paulo Sousa is attached to the club Inter Milan.
The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien.
J P McManus is the owner of Adare Manor.
The language used in Michigan is Arabic.
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club.
The total area of Angola, Indiana, is 16.55 square kilometres.
Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Auburn, Washington is located within the United States.
Lake Placid, New York, is part of New York.
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre, partly coming from Rock music.
Avocado is a fruit of the order Laurales.
The site of ELA-3 is at the Guiana Space Centre.
The building at 11 Diagonal Street was started to be erected in 1978.
Union Township is in Madison County, which is in Indiana, in the United States.
1634: The Galileo Affair is followed by 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988.
John Sánchez, is one of the leaders, in the New Mexico Senate.
Alex Plante was born on May 9th 1989.
Potter County, Texas is located within the United States.
Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC.
The French language is spoken in France.
Roy Thomas won an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda J engine.
The AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744.
Acharya Institute of Technology's number of Undergraduate students total to ~10000.
The 1955 Dodge has a hardtop.
The Punjab, Pakistan, is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Alan Shepard spent 13017 minutes in space.
Frank Borman was a crew member of Apollo 8.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club.
Andrew White is a musician that has a background with a non vocal instrument.
The area codes for Arlington, Texas are 682, 817, 214, 469 and 972.
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days.
The average speed of 66391 1999 KW4 is 37.16 km per sec.
12R/30L is the runway name of the Ashgabat International Airport.
Chicago is part of Illinois.
Greek is spoken in Greece.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is situated in Dnipropetrovsk.
The population density, of Auburn (Washington), is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
A.F.C. Fylde is a member of the National League North.
The Abarth company was founded in Bologna.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in battles such as the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia.
The musical genre of Aaron Deer is indie rock.
Agnes Ward White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Lancashire.
The 11 Diagonal Street originated in 1978.
Lockheed Martin is located in Bethesda, Maryland.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC.
AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March, 2009.
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
The creator of Blockbuster (comics character) is Carmine Infantino.
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1857-03-04.
Ab Klink worked as a member of the senate.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas.
Into Battle was followed by The Violet Keystone.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Dodge Coronet.
South Jersey Transportation Authority's leader name is Stephen Dilts.
The book A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages.
The ALCO RS-3 has a V12 engine.
New York City is located in the United States.
The abbreviation of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.
Olympia is the capital of Washington (state).
The Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the U.S.
The leader of Montevideo is the politician Daniel Martínez.
AFC Ajax operate Sportpark De Toekomst.
Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council.
The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music.
The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Agra airport is located in India.
The English language is spoken in Michigan.
Trane was founded on 1913-01-01.
Ace Wilder performs electropop music.
The total area of the city Auburn, in Alabama, is 140.8 square kilometres.
Ace Wilder is a singer.
The capital of Illinois is Springfield, Illinois.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java.
AmeriGas has a net income of 211200000.
The outlook ranking for the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63.
The runway at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is called 18R/36L Polderbaan.
John Buscema has won the Inkpot Award.
Kill Rock Stars is located in Portland, Oregon.
Aston Mastin DBS is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin.
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
1099 Figneria has a temperature of 156.0 kelvins.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands.
The reference number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asilomar Conference Grounds is 87000823.
Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp.
Alexandria, Indiana is located at 265.0 above sea level.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Merrikh SC.
John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap.
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region.
Footballer, Alan Martin is 185,42 centimetres tall.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager.
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin.
Augustus Pugin's birthplace is Bloomsbury.
The Superleague Greece champions are Olympiacos F.C.
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000.0 km.
Alfred N Phillips retired on the date 1939-01-03.
A.C. Cesena is in the Serie B league.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman.
The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia.
The City Manager leads Austin, Texas.
An instrument played in country music is the banjo.
Ernie Colón was one of the creators of the comic character Bolt.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen.
Abel Caballero was in office when Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister.
Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of U.S. Città di Palermo.
A.C. Cesena's ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
The languages of Finland are Sami languages.
The Republic of Ireland's currency is the Euro.
The area code for Amarillo, Texas is 806.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina.
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit.
Agnes Kant was a resident of Doesburg.
Felipe Gozon's birthdate is 1939-12-08.
Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore's leader.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
Andrew Rayel is a pianist.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom.
Arabic is spoken in Michigan.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character, Amazing-Man.
Baymax was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Amarillo is a city in Texas.
Chuck Fletcher is the general manager of the Minnesota Wild.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
GMA Network’s boss is Felipe Gozon.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
Aaron S Daggett died in West Roxbury.
Sheldon Moldoff is an American.
Montevideo is found in the country of Uruguay.
Alliant Techsystems produces the XM25 CDTE.
The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is pop music.
Randall County is in Texas, in the United States.
Albennie Jones was born 1914.
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club.
Aaron Turner played for the Greymachine band.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico.
Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11/29.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The Akita Prefecture is located in Japan.
The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Michele Marcolini plays for Torino F.C.
Big Hero 6 was a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is written in English.
11 Diagonal Street is in Johannesburg.
Allen Forrest started his career in 2005.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States.
The Grantville Gazette preceded The Grantville Gazette II.
American Journal of Mathematics has the OCLC number 1480153.
The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand's runway length is 1411.
Alfred Moore Scales took part in American Civil War battles.
The ALV X-1 rocket was launched once.
The Arrow is otherwise known as Ralph Payne.
Alberto Teisaire's party is Justicialist Party.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company.
Manila is the capital city.
One of California's senators is Dianne Feinstein.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat.
Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55.4 square kilometres.
Randall County is a county located in Texas with the county seat being Canyon.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient of Arròs negre.
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport.
Hypermarcas produces cosmetics.
Albany in Georgia has a population density of 535 people per square kilometer.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 season.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade.
The Liberal Democrats are the leaders of Birmingham.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under-17 football team.
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995.
Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola.
Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana is situated within the United States.
18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The novel Into Battle followed Above the Veil.
Akron, Ohio is at a height of 306.0 above sea level.
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5.
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street.
American was the nationality of John Buscema.
Volkswagen Polo is related to Audi A1.
Acharya Institute of Technology's outlook ranking is 63.
Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province in Sri Lanka.
The genre of the band, Suburban Legends, is Ska.
Ahmet Ertegun died in the U.S.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels, Belgium.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place, East 23rd Street.
The leader of India is called T S Thakur.
The book "A Fortress of Grey Ice" can be found in print.
(15788) 1993 SB's epoch is 6th March 2006.
The largest city of Washington state is Seattle.
Musician, Aaron Deer plays the guitar.
The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party in Gubbio.
Chinese is spoken in Hong Kong.
The number of Buzz Aldrin's awards are 20.
Serie D champions include S S Robur Siena.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors.
Summit Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal.
13017,0 minutes is the time Alan Shepard spent in space.
Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
Connecticut was the birthplace of Alfred N Phillips.
Blackpool's council is Labour.
A Loyal Character Dancer is in print.
Texas is the home of Houston Texans.
The Audi A1 has a 6-speed manual gearbox.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas.
08/26 is the runway name of the Al Asad Airbase.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia.
Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit.
DeSoto Custom was manufactured by DeSoto.
A severed wasp can be found in print.
Aaron Deer's instrument is the keyboard.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Boulogne.
The Polish Academy of Sciences serves Poland.
AFC Ajax were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
The alma mater of Adam Holloway was Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas.
A variation of Shumai is Siomay.
Stephen Dilts is the head of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The area of Attica Indiana is 4.14 SqKm.
The birth place of Graeme Garden is Aberdeen.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Patrick Allen is a political leader in Jamaica.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia.
Richard A. Teague's employer is General Motors.
The United States house of Representatives is in the Unites States.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States.
The architect of 200 Public Square is HOK.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Albert B. White started his career on March 4, 1901.
The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is "ATISET".
The ISSN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 0236-5294.
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
English is spoken in Great Britain.
Andra's occupations have included singer and reality TV judge.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
The stylistic origin of country music is blues.
The Alliant Techsystems produces the XM25-CDTE.
Akeem Dent's place of birth is Atlanta, Georgia.
Padang cuisine has resulted in the creation of the dish Asam pedas.
Aleksandra Kovač began her musical career in 1990.
Paulo Sousa plays for ACF Fiorentina.
William Anders has retired.
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2002-12-11.
Jesús Casillas Romero is the name of Jalisco's leader.
The ALV X-1 had one failed launch.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander during WWII.
The United States Army has battled in the Invasion of Grenada.
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.
Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Al Merrikh SC.
The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
King County, Washington is located in the United States.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument in Izmir is the 27th of July, 1932.
U.S. Citta di Palermo play in Serie A.
Dead Man's Plack is in England.
11 Diagonal Street is located in Johannesburg.
Al-Wakrah Sport Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is located in Haarlemmermeer.
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014.
Seattle is the largest city in Washington State.
The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso.
Saab 9000 is related to Alfa Romeo 164.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane.
The runway name at Aarhus Airport is "10R/28L".
Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music.
A bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in 1995.
Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues.
Austin is the capital of Texas.
The launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 launchpad.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov.
The American Journal of Mathematics is also known by the abbreviated title of Am. J. Math.
The ALV X-1 has had a total of 1 launches.
Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City AFC.
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by the politician James W Reid.
Sweden is the birthplace of Ace Wilder.
Japanese occupation Of British Borneo was the birthplace of Adenan Satem.
The 1955 Dodge is a sedan type vehicle.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873.0.
The AIDAstella has a ship beam of 32.2.
Pork is an ingredient of Batchoy.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa.
The total area in Antioch, California is 75.324 (square kilometres).
The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Auburn, Washington is part of the United States.
The Democratic Party of the U.S. headquarters on South Capitol Street.
Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines.
Grenadier Guards took part in the Battle of Waterloo.
Akeem Dent plays for the Houston Texans club.
A notable work of John Cowper Powys is Porius: A Romance of the Dark Ages.
Chiang Kai-shek was a commander in the Second World War.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio.
Anaheim, CA has a UTC offset of minus 7.
Alfred N. Phillips successor was Albert E. Austin.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Alex Day is associated with the musical artist, Charlie McDonnell.
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK.
United States Air Force's aircraft fighter is called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the state of Ohio.
Fried egg is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa.
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz.
The length of the 3rd runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 2953 feet.
The saint of Milan is Ambrose.
The AMC Matador is a station wagon.
Taro is a main ingredient of Binignit.
Luanda is in the country of Angola.
The comic book character Dane Whitman, alter ego Black Knight, was created by Roy Thomas.
Akron is a part of Summit County, Ohio.
ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid.
Albennie Jones is a jazz artist.
The location of the BBC is the Broadcasting House in London.
Alessio Romagnoli's club is the Italy national under 19 football team.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1,411.
Buzz Aldrin retired on July 1, 1971.
The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny.
The total area of Auburn, Alabama is 140.8 square kilometres.
The BBC produces BBC Radio.
The Washington state capital is Olympia.
The architecture style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture.
Bhajji is a similar dish to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level.
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion.
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight.
The United States was the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car.
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines.
The runway length at Antwerp International airport is 1510.0.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais.
Alison O'Donnell is a musician for the band United Bible Studies.
Frank de Boer played for the Ajax Youth Academy.
One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs.
The Afonso Pena International Airport's runway name is "15/33".
JP McManus owns Adare Manor.
One of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology is tennis.
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia was formerly known as 1967 ED.
The 3Arena is located at the North Wall Quay.
Gregory L. Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin.
Singing is Ace Wilder's occupation.
The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini.
The urban area of Swords, Dublin is 11.35.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the American Civil War.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Al-Amin Daggash was Abdulsalami Abubakar's successor.
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Talaba SC.
A Glastonbury Romance is in print.
Buzz Aldrin's occupation was a fighter pilot.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
Acoustic music is the genre of Alex Day.
Lippincott, Williams, and Wilkins is located in the United States.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is in the region of Asajaya.
The birth place of Alfred Garth Jones is England.
Akeem Priestley's youth club was Harbour View F.C.
SAGE Publications is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Construction of Adisham Hall began in 1927.
The Jacksonville Dolphins baseball field is the John Sessions stadium.
The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932.
The celestial body known as (29075) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200.
Amharic is a language found in Ethiopia.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English.
Agnes Kant held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands.
Angola, Indiana is part of the U.S.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Serie A is based in Italy.
The rotation period for 1036 Ganymed is 37116.0.
Standard Chinese is the language of China.
The successor of the Aston Martin DBS is the Aston Martin Vantage.
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The Euro is the currency in Greece.
Akeem Ayers birth place is Raleigh, North Carolina.
There are 22 floors in 320 South Boston Building.
Aaron Turner is associated with the group Greymachine.
The location identifier of Al Taqaddum Air Base is MAT.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel.
The English language is spoken in California.
Bozo, the Iron Man was created by George Brenner.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader.
The Alhambra had the length of 63800.0 millimetres.
Auron was created by Walt Simonson.
Aleksander Barkov Jr previously played for the team Tappara.
Alfons Gorbach's place of birth was the state, Tyrol.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has the latin name Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The United Kingdom is populated by the British people.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow.
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir.
Glen Ridge, New Jersey is situated in the Essex County.
Ireland is located in Europe.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama.
The language spoken in Russia is Russian.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students.
St. Louis is a part of greater St. Louis.
In the Republic of Ireland they speak Irish.
Alex Tyus weighs 99.792 kilograms.
AC Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro league.
410777 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000.0.
The current club that Adam Maher plays for is PSV Eindhoven.
The comic book character Blockbuster's alter ego is Roland Desmond.
Buzz Aldrin has won 20 awards.
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Footballer, Peter Stöger, plays for the Austria National Football team.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
AIP Advances covers the discipline of physics.
The Dodge 1955 has a straight-six engine.
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908.
Albert B. White's year of death was 1941.
The Democratic Party headquarters are in Washington, D.C.
The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Panama.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the Russia national football B team.
Hamburger SV is a club that belongs to the Bundesliga League.
One of the ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian Indian.
Abraham A. Ribicoff died in New York.
The area code of Atlantic City, New Jersey, is 609.
Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan.
The alma mater of Daniel Gould Fowle is Princeton University.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region.
A S Livorno Calcio's home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
The top speed of the A-Rosa Luna is 24.0.
The Alvis Speed 25's transmission system comprises a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The motto of the Philippines is "Maka-Diyos, Maka-Tao, Makakalikasan at Makabansa".
Casey Ribicoff is Abraham A. Ribcoff's wife.
609 is the area code of Atlantic City, N.J.
Dead Man's Plack is made of rock.
Orange County, California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area.
Atlanta is in the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is Rock and roll.
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn.
Jens Hartel plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
One of South Africa's ethnic groups are the Coloured.
AGM-88 HARM is produced by Alliant Techsystems.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634: The Baltic War.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Ellington, Wisconsin.
103 Hera has the epoch of 27 August 2011.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the genre of Fantasy literature.
Donal O'Ceallaigh discovered 15788 1993 SB.
5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport.
Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War.
One dish variation called Barny Cakes is the use of milk in the recipe.
AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season.
A Wizard of Mars is available in print form.
A.F.C. Fylde played in 2014.
Spain uses the euro for its currency.
The Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema are related means of transportation.
The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862.
The Battle of Salem Church was part of the American Civil War conflict.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was a player for Runcorn FC Halton.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción.
The AMC Matador's is assembled by the Australian Motor Industries.
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority's location is Jinnah International Airport.
William Anders walked in space 8820.0 minutes.
One of Aaron S. Daggett's battles was the Battle of the Wilderness.
Abilene, Texas has a water area of 14.2 square kilometres.
The apoapsis for 1089 Tama is 373513000.0 (kilometres).
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield F.C.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico.
There are around 10000 undergraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is "101 Ukrop Way".
The currency of Uruguay is the Uruguayan peso.
AZAL PFK are in season 2014.
The spouse of Juan Carlos I of Spain is Queen Sofia of Spain.
The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly is Management.
Alan Bean served as a test pilot.
1036 Ganymed has a rotation period of 37116.0.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was started on 11th July 1907.
The champions of Serie D are S.S. Robur Siena.
Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi.
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character, Arion.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band The Owl Service.
London is governed by the Greater London Authority.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3,992.88.
Luciano Spalletti was at the club Virtus Entella.
The length of the 1st runway at Amsterdam airport Schiphol is 3800 metres.
The branch of military Albert Jennings Fountain belonged to was 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry.
16/34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office whilst Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans.
03L/21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856.
Washtenaw County in Michigan is located within the United States.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team.
Anderson, Indiana, is part of the Anderson Township, Madison County in Indiana.
Dave Challinor plays at the Stockport County F.C.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary.
Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana is part of the United States.
Accrington Stanley F.C. play in Accrington.
Limerick City and County Council governs County Limerick.
Stuart Parker is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C.
CD FAS plays in the Salvadoran Primera Division league.
Michele Marcolini is affiliated with the youth club Torino F.C.
Buzz Aldrin received 20 awards.
Randall County in Texas is located within the United States.
Anders Osborne's musical career began in 1989.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square km.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan.
Alpena Michigan is a country in United States.
The Ariane 5 had two partial failures.
Rice is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya.
The nationality of James Craig Watson is canadian.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport's runway name is "18L/36R".
Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
The population density of Albany, Georgia is 535.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane.
General Dynamics Electric Boat are located in the city of Groton, Connecticut.
Julia Morgan is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco.
The apoapsis for 110 Lydia is 440756000.0 (kilometres).
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
The impact factor of AIP Advances is 1.524.
Atlantic City is in new Jersey, in the United States.
Los Angeles Rams play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Gardner Fox.
Akeem Adams is in the W Connection FC club.
Sweet potato is of the order Solanales.
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family.
The alma mater of Adam Holloway was Magdalene College Cambridge.
Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France.
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California.
The mass of 110 Lydia is 6.7 kg.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen.
The orbital period of (29075) 1950 DA is 69862200.0.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1,121.
Rona Fairhead is the key person for BBC.
1099 Figneria was formerly known as 1928 RQ.
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3090 meters.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
François Hollande is the leader of France.
Doris Bures is a leader of Austria.
Alphonse Borrelly was the discoverer of 110 Lydia.
The area code of Anderson, Indiana is 765.
Greek is the language of Greece.
Abel Hernández's birth place is Pando, Uruguay.
Belgium's official language is German.
746 people per square kilometre inhabit Amarillo, Texas.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre.
The language spoken in Ethiopia is Amharic.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County, New Mexico.
The population density in Alpharetta, Georgia is 992.6 inhabitants per sq km.
German is the language of Denmark.
Boris Johnson is a leader in London.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is in Dnipropetrovsk.
The orbital period of 109 Felicitas is 139705000.0.
Al-Wakrah Sport Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Indie rock genre has guitars in it.
Aenir was written after Castle.
São José dos Pinhais is part Of Paraná (state).
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine.
Asser Levy Public Baths has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places.
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach.
The Jacksonville Dolphins team represent Jacksonville University.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC.
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham, England.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales.
1.7 square kilometres is the area of water in Auburn, Alabama.
Phillip Cocu is the manager of PSV Eindhoven.
AMC Matador was assembled in the USA.
The distributor of Big Hero 6 (film) is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The leader of the Philippines has the title of President.
Juan Carlos 1 of Spain was married to Queen Sofia of Spain.
Above the Veil is from the country of Australia.
SV Werder Bremen play in the Bundesliga.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the C.D. FAS.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow.
The Boston Bruins are from Boston.
DeKalb County, Georgia, is located in the United States.
Aurakles is also known as ''Aurakles''.
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece.
Ska Punk's stylistic origin is Punk rock.
Austin is located in Travis County, Texas.
Stuart Parker is a footballer in the A.F.C Blackpool club.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca.
Ann Arbor is in Michigan.
The population density in Brazil is 23.8.
Ab Klink belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N.V.
The A-Rosa Luna was built in Germany.
Auburn, Washington is part of the U.S.
Asherton Texas is in the United States.
As a dish variation on a pakora, cauliflower can be used.
Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient of a Bakewell tart.
Atlas II last flight was on December 5, 2002.
Austin is the county seat of Travis County, in Texas.
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members.
A music genre for Allen Forrest is acoustic.
The capital of Michigan is Lansing.
